# My Entire Organic Content Strategy (Full Breakdown)
# video_id: 9Xz7b0Gx-HA | views: 21000 | duration_min: 45
# url: https://youtu.be/9Xz7b0Gx-HA

Recently, I made a video on this channel where I talked about cracking a million dollars a month in recurring revenue for myself with my education company. And I realized I've never made a video going through my organic content strategy. So, in today's video, I'm going to be going through exactly what I do here on YouTube. I'm going to be going through what I do on all the other social channels as well. I'm going to be give you the the thinking, the execution behind it, the how-tos, and the wise. This is going to be an incredibly valuable video if you're looking to ramp up your organic content engine, not just for views. I never optimize around views. I optimize around revenue. So, I never see this kind of take from the organic content perspective. Every single thing organically I've really ever seen or been trained on or been exposed to has always been centric around driving as many views as possible. I take the exact opposite stance. Every video I make, I try to make it from the perspective of what does my actual ideal, not like the lowest level. What is the highest level customer or client that I would want to convert actually wants to know? What are they dealing with? What are they struggling with? What can I make content to help them with? That could be from a very specific conversation that I've had with one of my clients all the way over to something that I recognize as a pattern across many different of my customers or clients at the exact same time. And then I'll simply turn around and I'll make a video on that. In today's video, you'll understand my thesis behind why I do that and not optimizing around views, rather optimizing around dollars. And I'll also show you how I take the content I make on one channel and redistribute it across all these other channels. And without further ado, we're going to dive right into it. Quick disclaimer, there is a near 0% probability you would ever crack million-doll months or a couple million dollars a month. I'm not in any way, shape, or form implying that you're going to watch this video here today and make a literal dollar. I have no idea who you are, whether you have any probability to turn money into more money or not. I'm simply handing down lessons from people that have been there, done that. This exact organic content strategy I use is my specific system that's worked great for me. Again, I'm not inferring that it's going to work for you or that you are specifically going to turn around and make any money with this. So, keep that in mind. All right, let's dive into it. So, the first things first, the main driver of actual revenue comes from YouTube. YouTube is the number one nurture engine and discovery channel for converting my ideal client, my ideal customers. Um, it's very important that you consider the actual strategy. So, over a 2-year period of time, what I did is I posted twice a week on the channel. Uh, we specifically picked Wednesday and we also picked Saturday. In this most recent period of time, to celebrate my two-year anniversary of making YouTube content, I kicked it up to three times a week. So, when I originally was growing again, I did twice a week. Now, three times a week on the main channel. We also have a secondary YouTube channel, which I'll talk about here shortly, which technically gets my total YouTube videos per week that we're putting out to four per week. Three on the main channel and then one on one of my secondary channels. Um, for that entire two-year period of time, it all started with a very simple setup. I had a very easy time doing this. I tried to make it as low friction for myself as I could. Um, I had two iPads. Uh, the reason I picked iPads, by the way, there was an Apple store right beneath the penthouse I was living in at the time. I walked in and I was thinking about getting an iPhone for this specific task, just a secondary phone, but I couldn't really see that well on all those little tiny devices, so I thought an iPad would be better. an iPad shot in 4K at 60 frames a second. So, yeah, I didn't see anything wrong with that. And then the other iPad, just like what you see me do here, I use it to draw stuff and visualize the things that I'm actually discussing cuz I'm a very visual person. So, for me to be able to articulate myself, like if you actually watch my body language as an example, I'm always using my hands. I'm very expressive and I'm very visual, simply put. So, something to consider for my specific setup. I had a tripod. Uh, also super pro tip, I had a little sandbag thing that I had bought. There's a company called B&H Photo that's out of New York specifically. They sell this like weighted sandbag looking thing with a handle on it to be able to put on the uh tripod feet. That way, if you're outside filming like I sometimes would. If you go back to my really old videos, you'll see me on my penthouse balcony. It's a lot of wind up there. So, the tripod sandbag thing was a was a pro tip. And then other than that, I also used uh road mics. The specific road mics I used are literally this exact one that I'm still filming with today. It's this little square thing. And then there's another square that hooks up to the iPad. I had to buy like a very specific thing from road for the USBC that's with this. For some reason, they don't give you like the actual cable that you need to be able to just naturally hook it up to like an iPad or an iPhone in this case. So, I also had to buy that uh special little cable. So, if you're going to try to go out there and buy some road mics, make sure that you get that if you're going to use some kind of Apple device. Dude, that was my setup, no joke, for like a year and a half. Uh I just had one iPad filming me and one iPad I draw on. And it was really simple. I had a team behind the scenes. Again, this is when I first got started. I'll show you how it accelerates to where it is today. The team behind the scenes was about 3.5K to sometimes it was like 4K a month. I pay per video. I actually still do that today with this exact same team. Uh given the total quantity of videos that I put out. Now though my total cost is about 8.5K but again when I very first got started for that first essentially two years about 3.5K to 4K a month. Um again some weeks there was more to excuse me some months there was total higher days that we'd post comparatively to others. Uh meaning there's like you know an extra half a week in a certain month or something like that. That's that's the difference in cost. Um these guys specifically were in the UK. They had pitched me via IG DMs when I first got started and they just said, "Hey man, like I think you'd be great at making long form content." Um, they do help the people that they work with [music] ideiation. They do everything when it comes to like thumbnails and they do everything when it comes to posting and scheduling and like description optimization and commenting something and pinning it. So like if you look down below this video, you'll see there's a pinned comment with some links down in the description to my paid stuff. There's literally links in the description and descriptive things. They chapter the videos. They put all that down in the description as well. I don't use them for any ideation, okay? I just use them for the actual like execution of editing, posting, making thumbnails, sending me a link to promote it with, etc. Um, that's the extent of what I use that team for. And then to be fair, if I did bring that exact team inhouse, it cost me a lot more money than that. So that's why I went with the marketing agency instead. To be clear, in terms of the ideas, the ideas still today are the same. Uh, they all come from my actual clients and customers. So, when I look at what specifically I need to be talking about, I just look at my customers and my clients. So, I'll give you an example of this. Inside of my Jeremy's Inner Circle program, I do twice a month one-on-one calls. I do weekly group calls. I get requests from those members on what that particular weekly group call should be about for that particular week. I can see patterns from above from monitoring the group chats, the DMs I get, and all those one-on-one conversations. And it's really simple for me. I can recognize a pattern of when many people are dealing with something at once. I'll give you a great example. There was a period of time where out of nowhere, everybody's CPMs just started to shoot through the roof. I was getting DMs about it. I was seeing conversations about it in the group chat. People were asking me about it on one-on-one calls. And it wasn't a hard problem to solve. It was actually a very easy problem to solve. So, as a result of that, I make a very indepth lesson inside of my Jeremy's Inner Circle offer in this example, where I'll go through the literal entirety of what everybody needs to know with examples and the most depth that I can provide. In most instances, it comes with a training video, an SOP, um, and then I'll make myself available to those guys who pay to be a part of that group. On YouTube, I do what's called a fraction. I fractionalize the knowledge. So, I constantly say this on this channel. I'm even doing it right now, by the way. I'm talking about 10 to 20% of what I actually could be talking to you about. I save all the paid stuff, the juicy stuff for my paid offers. Okay? It's very important you understand this because I have an education company. That's why I run that strategy. Talking about 10 to 20% of what I know on the channel that you as the viewer will still get a tremendous amount of value from. And you can reflect on this. If you've been watching me for a good bit of time now, you can realistically conclude that a lot of my free stuff is better than most of the paid stuff that you've actually ever purchased from other people. Get that all the time from people who eventually buy from us. And I also get the same feedback from people who eventually buy from us where they say, "Dude, you weren't lying at all. Holy [ __ ] like your paid stuff is insane. You go above and beyond." And I do. So, here's the point I'm trying to make. If I had a done for you service of some kind or a done for you offer or let's use the example I was trying to sell my agency services much more I would reveal every single thing that I could. I would make it sound hard or I would make it sound, you know, simply put as in-depth as I could to really let people know all of what it takes. And then I would sell, hey, by the way, if you want to make it easier and just have us do it for you, you know, do XYZ. But again, I am pitching my education products on this channel. So, as a result of that, I withhold information. Very important for you to consider that as well is essentially which one are you going to do based on what specifically you have as an offer? For me, it's the 10 to 20% fractional approach. And then like I said, if you're selling an agency service of some kind, you should reveal pretty much everything that you can and then the call to action is simply different. Um, I also want to be clear on this when it comes to the actual conversion strategy itself. So the conversion strategy is important. I make tons of call to actions. Um, I sometimes see people who make a lot less money than me that are convinced of the idea that they should be withholding call to actions. Right? I deeply believe in the value of my paid stuff. I've seen it work tremendously well. I know how much it works and I know how much more you need it than the paid stuff. I believe it's an ethical responsibility on my end to get you to eventually believe that so you eventually buy [ __ ] from me because you will benefit much more if you do. It's how it works. You'll also take it much more serious than you'd ever take a YouTube video. Like if you as an example are starting to kind of have your eyes glaze over here, it's cuz you're watching it for free. you'd pay a lot more attention if you actually gave me money. You understand? So, here's the thing that's important to understand. I make tons of call to actions. I you'll see this as a common theme, not just here on YouTube, but you'll also see this as a common theme on the other channels depending on what the purpose of that specific channel is. So, anyway, I do tons of call to action. I'm constantly saying [ __ ] like, "Hey, go check out those links down in the description." I'll strategically work in and weave in in a very natural way. It's never like an abrupt thing where it's like I just stop and say, "Hey, by the way," you know, it's like I just weave it into a very natural conversation, but this specifically for some reason is not followed by a lot of people who teach organic strategy. What they instead teach is to avoid call to actions to try to accumulate more total views. I can't stress enough, I think is super silly and dumb. I always make call to actions because I deeply believe in the value of my paid offers. Okay. Now, to be clear, this is a general consensus of what specifically has happened up to my 2-year anniversary of content. So, here's what I did from the 2-year point forward. Okay. So, after 2 years of content, what I then decided to do was a little different. So, I was initially at twice a week videos. that went to four times a week videos. So, I started to learn more about how the organic content engine really works. On my channel specifically, I exclusively talk to rich people. Like, as an example, if you're making less than 100K a month, you shouldn't be watching my [ __ ] My content is specifically for rich people that are trying to get a hell of a lot richer. My content is geared towards people that are at the very least in terms of the problems, the circumstances, and the outcomes that I talk to. I am assuming that you're already doing a couple hundred grand a month, if not a couple million bucks a month already and you're trying to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. I never ever ever talk below that level. I exclusively talk at that level and it's super important that you consider that in your decision-making for who you're going to be talking to on your channel and in your content strategy. In my twice a week to four times a week update where I'm producing more total content per week, that still holds true. the total amount of additional videos going out simply had different purposes. So here's how we ended up in terms of our decision. We went with Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday for the main channel. Okay? And this specific video on Monday is a video just like this. This is what we call a talking head video. This is where I get up as an instructor. I explain an in-depth topic. I go through it all. It's just me. This is where I'll have my most call to actions in most instances because again, it's just me talking. It's much easier to work in call to actions when it's just me talking. I have a harder time while I'm in the middle of doing one of those business breakdowns as an example that you may have seen on my channel, working in call to actions in a natural way. I get to work them in here and there, but not all the time. On Wednesdays, we do what's called a business breakdown. So, I noticed that I in my talking head content, which by the way, for my twice a week YouTube videos, that was exclusively what I did. I never did anything else. I'd exclusively do talking head. Now, in my current strategy that I'm using now, I'll do one talking head video per week. I'll do one business breakdown per week. And this is what we call demonstration content. Okay? So, in demonstration content, the goal is to make sure that I take all of the lessons that I have expanded in-depth topic talking head content videos about and literally put them on display by demonstrating when those lessons would be applicable to use. In the business breakdown content, I also get to talk about more total lessons, but I don't get to go as indepth on each one of those individual lessons. As an example, in this very video that you're watching right now, I'm going indepth on my organic content strategy. If I'm in the middle of a business breakdown where I'm sitting in the two chairs here, I got a guest. I'm like, "Yeah, so you could really benefit from being on YouTube." Like, it'd make a lot of sense for you to do that. Uh, here's a little tip that I'd give you. It's like, that's the extent of what I might be talking about in terms of the depth. Very, very surface level in comparison. I might get at most like 5 to 10 minutes where I get to really talk in depth about something I'm giving as advice. Most of the time this can be like 20 to 50 minutes, sometimes an hour long just on one thing. This is like usually an hour to an hour and a half long, but it covers a dozen or so different key lessons at the very least. Sometimes like five to six different key lessons. Then we've got the Saturday video. So, the Saturday video when I very first started doing four times a week content, I would usually make this another business breakdown cuz I filmed a ton of these or I'd make it another talking head video. What we've done in the most recent period of time with this Saturday video, this is what we consider our testing slot. So, as I mentioned, up to this point in my journey, I've never really optimized around viewership. My average videos for these videos, as great as they are, is usually as low as like 2,000 views. Sometimes as high, like my best videos, my bangers are like 20,000 views. Most of them will average between like maybe 3,000 to 6,000 views. Uh the outliers will be like 10,000 plus, but a majority of my videos on my channel you'll see are between like maybe 2 and 5,000 total views. Those are very qualified views because as I said, I do not talk in any way, shape, or form. I don't sell to poor people. I exclusively sell to rich people that are trying to get way richer. Every single thing I discuss within these is geared towards my ideal person. You know, as an example, when you sit here and you listen to this, even the little things that I talk about like hard costs, total time, the efficiency, cuz at one point we'll discuss the total time that this actually takes in this video. Everything is geared towards people literally just like me that are rich trying to get a hell of a lot richer. This is important to consider though. For this Saturday slot, this testing slot, in the most recent period of time, I'm trying to get more total views on the Saturday video. I'm doing this in a combination of a few different ways. I'm trying, as an example, on this most recent upcoming Saturday, I have a video that one of my inner circle members named Jake advised me to do where he was like, "Hey, make a video where you're going through an S tier through Ftier ad creative ranking video. You do your normal thing where you tie it in a million-doll months. Don't make any hard call to actions in it to buy stuff. Instead, make a call to action to go watch a very specific piece of content that you think would benefit the person most after watching that piece of content." So, I followed his specific thesis that he wanted me to test. We'll see how it goes. But the intention of the Saturday video is to grow the total views overall. You understand? So, this this is a growth video. You could also call it a discovery video. Um, sometimes people use different words. So, just to give you an example, this would be considered in terms of the talking head content uh bottom of funnel. the Wednesday video where we're doing business breakdown. This is kind of like midfunnel. This is like you could have potentially been introduced to me through one of those particular videos. You could have been introduced to me through a bottom offunnel video, believe it or not. All of them technically operate as discovery videos in a way. And then this over here, this is a top offunnel video specifically for the testing slot that's going to happen on Saturdays. So then we have our fourth video. Now, our fourth video, this to be clear, everything that's here, this is all main channel content. Okay? So, the Monday, the Wednesday, the Saturday, this is all getting posted on this very channel that you're watching this video on right now. Then we have the second channel. So, the second channel is called Jeremy Haynes-Lonssons for my kids. So, I'm having a baby girl here very soon. It's my first child that I'm welcoming into the world, and I intend on having five children altogether. I'm already in active motion on doing everything that I can to make that a reality. I have my beautiful and loving wife who's also the mother to these upcoming children. I bought a house just recently. We're literally in the middle of demoing the hell out of it right now and we're adding two wings onto it. That way we have enough rooms for all the children that we will have. I bought the house literally right next to my mother-in-law and father-in-law's home uh due to the fact that I want all my children to have access to their grandparents very easily and to support us as we go through raising these children. I take a tremendous amount of action to help my family and to make my reality come true. However, I deeply believe in hedging against risk. You know, God forbid truly anything would happen to me in a negative way where let's use the example I couldn't talk anymore or let's use the example that I died or something ridiculous. Uh to be clear, the second channel is meant to document me with actual lessons for my children. It's a way for me to catalog things that have made a huge difference in my life that have genuinely benefited me. I don't know why none of my ancestors have handed down something to the future lineage of their family tree that says, "Hey man, here's some core lessons and some universal truths that I've picked up along the way. Have at it so you don't have to go learn these things the hard way." Makes a fuckload of sense to me. So, as a result of that, I wanted to build that catalog. However, the main intention beyond that for the second channel is mindset content. So, you'll notice if you ever actually go watch that channel, all the lessons are literally me talking to my children about ways that I want them to think, ways that I want to encourage them to behave, and belief systems that I want them to inherit as true. That specific second channel has a different audience. Okay, this is a group of people that typically make a little less. This is important to consider. My highest level people still care deeply about mindset content. They absolutely do. However, the people who seek out mindset content the most are typically not as financially qualified. So, I'm okay with that different audience watching my content on my other channel. I'm not okay with that different audience watching content on my main channel. I would never talk to them here. Here, I'm never talking to them either. I'm talking to my children, but other people watch that content. This is a different algorithm is how you also need to understand it. this specific channel can cater towards other viewers that I can also bring into becoming aware of the main channel where all my business lessons are by talking about things that I still deeply care about and that I want to share with the world but also don't belong on the main channel because they aren't topic related to what I exclusively talk about on the main channel. There's this guy who works out next door here at the gym. He has seven different YouTube channels that at the lowest have 4 million subscribers. the highest channel has cracked more than 10 million subscribers. He's a Roblox streamer. And this particular guy who works out at this gym next door, I remember when I only had one channel and I remember when I was only doing twice a week videos and I got the opportunity to talk to this guy at the gym. I was like, "Hey man, just a quick question. Like, you have seven different channels. Like, what the [ __ ] Like, why why do you have seven different channels?" And he was like, "Oh, dude, easy. The first one is for my live streaming content. The second one is my clips channel. The third one is my reactions channel." channel and he just started naming off the intentions of each one of these other seven channels. And I was like, "Oh, why do you do that?" And he goes, "Oh, it's easy. The algorithm is geared towards distributing content for people who are actually most probable to watch that type of content." He's like, "So my live stream channel, that content consistently gets distributed to people who watch live streams. The clips channel or my shorts channel, those exclusively geared towards people who watch shorts or who watch clips or who watch reaction videos, etc. for whatever his channel intention was. So that led us to not only creating a second channel, it actually led us to creating a third channel. And the third channel specifically, this one's called the Hannes feed. This one is geared towards clips and shorts. So if you notice on my main channel, I'll never post shorts. Poor people watch shorts. Rich people do not watch shorts. I will not let my main channel algorithm become polluted and poisoned by starting to post shorts on it. Not going to happen. So what we did is we posted a third channel where we do a high volume of content as well. So on average we usually post about six times a day. Sometimes we get up to about 15 times per day on more aggressive days. A lot of those are shorts but some of those are what we call these mids. So these are two to nine minute videos on average. The two to nine minute videos specifically are clipped from any content that I have. So it could be from the main channel. It could be from that secondary channel, the lessons for the kids channel. Uh it could be something that's from somebody else's channel like a podcast I did or a speaking gig I did or just something. Um it could also be random stuff. So as an example, I had a guy come here to the office the other day. uh he rambled a lot about like all kinds of different stuff that like wasn't really on topic to what we were sitting there talking about. And I was like, I don't really think this makes sense for the main channel. Uh let's throw it on this channel, you know, that way it's not wasted content. It still gets distributed. It's just again, it didn't really align that well or make that much sense to post on the main channel, so we post it there instead. You know, again, the point I'm trying to make is we've evolved now that we're after our 2-year anniversary here on YouTube. Um let me be really clear. This has a very low total view count. If you actually go look at the Hannes feed channel and you look at my total views per video, very very negligible amount of views, especially on those 2 to9 minute videos. Every single one of these videos is optimized around search. Okay. So, the people who search something very specifically about a very particular problem they have, they will likely get either a very expanded topic of something from the main channel or they'll get served up with something that's from the Hannes feed channel. Again, this is also a place where we post shorts, which is what drives a lot of the subscribers and total viewership and distribution of that channel. On the second channel, to be clear, the mindset one, again, we only do that once a week. We do that on Sundays specifically for the day of the week that we drop the mindset content. Here we're very erratic. You know, there might be days where we don't post a mid at all and we only got shorts that particular day. That's not ideal. You know, ideally we'd post consistently somewhere in this range with both shorts and the mids, but nonetheless, it's growing. It'll take a long time. That's the other thing that's very important to consider about YouTube. Um, it is a major moat. Okay, emote meaning it takes a tremendous amount of time for YouTube to eventually become a distribution platform for you. In the initial part of your time on YouTube, what it will do most for your business in terms of measurable impact, it'll impact the people who are actively going through the sales process. So, if you are looking to justify distributing content on your new YouTube channel that you may just be starting or you're looking to get back into it again, just know your views are going to be so low, they're going to be discouraging. it's going to be demoralizing. The views that do come in though, those are people that are actively going through the sales process. Those are your highest quality views in most instances, even though you're not getting a lot of them. That's also your initial subscriber base. And you got to nurture it. You still got to continue either way. Uh, one pro tip before we pivot into the other channels and talk about the social strategy across the other ones that we've got is this. You must understand that YouTube, you want to treat it like a TV show. If you've ever had a favorite TV show, like as an example, I've watched the show Billions. I've also watched this the show Succession. I believe at one point I also like Dexter and I remember randomly in all three of these shows I think that two of them were influenced by COVID to be clear for this particular fallout. But there was a period of time where like it's in the middle of the season you expect this show to drop at a particular time on a particular day and the show just didn't publish. And I remember I'd be like what the [ __ ] going on? Like where's this show? And we'd Google like hey what what happened to this particular show? Like where's it at? and and tell you be like, "Oh, they had like a production delay or whatever the hell happened." Uh, you know, it's a let down. That's a big let down. We believe that YouTube should be treated like a TV network. Like, we will never miss a drop. Okay? Monday, Wednesday, Saturday on the main channel, we're dropping. Okay? Second channel on Sundays, we're dropping. We're never missing it. I'm filming by candle light. If the power went out, the videos are getting filmed, the videos are getting edited, the videos are getting published same time, same day. every single week, week in and week out. We don't miss. And we believe that that starts the process of YouTube's distribution engine. We don't think that YouTube rewards creators that don't have consistency in their ability to post. Uh we also want you to understand that when you commit to a content strategy um for organic distribution, you also want to make sure like I've talked about here that you remember each channel should have its own theme or its own purpose or its own intent. like the Roblox streamer had taught me next door at the gym. Okay. Now, just to be clear in terms of total time, uh this is also one thing I want to pepper in before we continue. When I initially got started and I was going for the first 2 years and I was only doing the twice a week videos specifically, that took me about 2 hours a week. That was it. So, 8 hours a month altogether. It was really easy. I'd film on Sundays specifically. I'd grab my tripod. I'd grab my iPads. I'd set up at the kitchen island in the penthouse or I'd go over to the uh the balcony table outside or you know I' I'd film wherever and those videos were getting shot no matter what on a Sunday. Now in my modern strategy I have an additional day set aside. So I now film on Tuesdays and I also now film on Thursdays and it no longer takes me two hours. It's actually much more time than it ever was back in the day when I first got started. on a Tuesday as an example or a Thursday, I may be filming anywhere from like 5 to 8 hours in those two days. Uh that includes the four YouTube videos a week, which are much longer than they ever were in the past. We have videos like this. This is technically the most efficient video I can make. The lessons for my kids video, again, usually that's also very efficient. I'm just sitting down. There's no iPad involved. I'm just talking straight to my children in the camera. Pretty simple and straightforward. But the business breakdowns, those take a long time. And I accumulate give or take the Tuesday or the Thursday anywhere from two to three of those a day. So that can range from an hour to an hour and a half. I think the longest of which have been like 2 hours. So as an example, somebody comes in person and and people have flown from literally all over the world. We had a guy just recently that flew from Germany. I've had a guy that flew from Australia. I've had guys that fly from Dubai. I obviously have people that come from all over the US. I occasionally get somebody who's lucky that's here in Miami that gets to just come and drive over to the office. But when we do the business breakdowns, that's the longest and most inefficient thing by far. It also includes time to coordinate with the people who are going to come on to the channel for those specific business breakdowns. It is a hell of a lot more work than it's ever been in the past, but at the same time, I'm making more money off the organic content engine than I ever have in the past. So now it's more justified. When I was very first getting started, it was a negligible amount of revenue and a negligible amount of impact at best. And so it didn't make much sense for me to justify more time going into it. Uh now obviously as I'm getting paid more, I can justify more time going towards it because it's a higher dollar value per hour action. Um to be clear, I'm now going to talk about the past again for what I've done and then I'm going to talk about what I'm doing now in regards to my social strategy across the other channels. So this is my other social channel strategy at this point. So, as I mentioned, I'm all about efficiency, and I don't like spending a tremendous amount of time and effort on stuff, especially things that aren't paying me a lot yet. Um, so here's what I did. YouTube and those two hours a week that I would spend, uh, that was my main driver. That's like my main content. Okay? This creates the content for the other channels. And when we do this, we're essentially just creating like a redistribution strategy across everywhere else. So, what I would do is I have this company, they're called the Birdhouse. Uh, they specifically post on X Twitter. Uh, they also post on the spam hellhole LinkedIn. I hope Elon Mus buys LinkedIn just shuts that [ __ ] down. I [ __ ] hate LinkedIn, but whatever. We still post there all the time. Uh, I never log into it, but you know, whatever. We post there. And those two channels specifically managed by that same company, The Birdhouse. That is all just YouTube content that gets repurposed into threads, tweets, blogs, newsletters, etc. Um, in addition to that, we have IG. And again, this that I'm talking about here, this is the old approach that I'm discussing right now. We've updated this a bit and I'll discuss that here shortly, but I I want to tell you about the past, too. I think it matters. So, you can learn from some of the mistakes that I may have made along the way. Um IG specifically, we would just take clips from the main YouTube channel, just clip it up, post them onto IG. Um this, you know, it did all right. Didn't do great, didn't do bad. Uh in addition to that, I have a blog, which I know isn't technically a social media channel, but if you go to jeremyhannes.com, you'll see that I have a blog there. We run that play for AI manipulation [clears throat] and AI management. Uh for us to get referred consistently in the AI search engines as the top expert when people have different questions related to our searches, blogs, LinkedIn, Twitter, even Instagram, especially YouTube videos. Those can all help a ton. Uh and then lastly, emails. So we have an email AI agent. Uh in the past, this used to be an employee. now is just an AI agent that sends out custom personalized emails based on the context of the people that we have in our database with other things, free stuff, YouTube videos, LinkedIn newsletters, blogs from jeremyhannes.com, lead magnets, etc. Now again, all I would do is spend two hours a week on YouTube making the content. Team would edit it and then all these other teams for all these other people that manage all the other channels, they would go to the YouTube videos, download them, get the transcriptions from them, turn those into tweets that are written in my voice, turn those into newsletters that are written in my voice, turn those into IG clips that are obviously in my voice cuz they're just actual clips, turn those into blogs, again written in my voice, turn those into emails written in my voice, etc. And that worked pretty well to be honest with you. It worked pretty well. I will say this in terms of total impact between all these channels. This was an example of a 10% action. So in that most recent piece of content I posted on my channel where I discuss the lessons of cracking a million dollars a month in recurring revenue. I discussed this concept that I call the 9010 system. The 9010 system is no disrespect or not really even building on the 8020 rule. For all those unfamiliar, the 8020 rule typically says that 80% of the actions that you take will have about 20% of the impact. I just have I just simply I haven't found that to be true. I find it to be like much more exaggerated than that. I find that as an example, like this costs a lot more. Like my blog guy was 5K a month. Uh my IG team cost $8,000 a month at the time. LinkedIn and Twitter are 6.3K a month. This cost more money than YouTube at only 3.5 to 4K a month. uh this costing more it only contributed to like 10% of the impact that I actually experienced you YouTube specifically the number one thing 90 plus percent I wouldn't even say 90 I'd say like 95% of people that show up and actually buy on calls or that see me in the streets and are like oh yo dude you're Jeremy like it's YouTube it's never this other stuff liter I've never had a single person in real life walk up to me never had a single person online that's walked up to me in real life and said anything about emails never anything about blog recently. I've seen people talk to me about IG. Recently, I've seen people talk to me about X. Never seen a soul talk to me about LinkedIn literally ever cuz again, I think it's literally all bots and fake people and AI agents at this point. It's a spam hellhole. So anyway, this is still important to have presence on cuz it contributes something, but again, it's a super negligible action in the grand scheme of things. So, let's go on to this next part, which is the modern version of that same system. Okay. So, the modern approach to all this is a little bit different. I want to be clear on a few key beliefs that I've had that held me back from changing this system that I just talked about sooner. Uh, number one, I believe that Instagram is a terrible place to scale your business. It's unsafe. You could pay somebody off to just literally take down the channel. You could pay somebody off to literally restrict somebody's ability to DM, right? That entire platform is contingent upon being able to post, being able to tell people to comment something that links to a mini chat automation in the DMs. The DMs is where the revenue happens on Instagram. So, because of the liability, and when I say this, I'm not talking from some like random tiny unproven view. I'm talking from a perspective of I see so much from above across all the different businesses that we actively help scale. The number one sketchy platform to scale your business is Instagram. from the ability to pay like a couple hundred bucks or at best like a couple thousand bucks to just take somebody's channel down completely. So, from that perspective, I've never wanted to scale on IG. I'm I'm still very riskadverse when it comes to Instagram specifically. Um, and that held me back. However, I don't like to be right in opinion. I like to be right in reality. And then now that we've accumulated a good bit of revenue as a base that's recurring, I'm willing to take a bit more risks cuz if that channel got nuked, it's not going to be as catastrophic as it would be for some of these people that we see where 100% of their revenue comes from Instagram. Then they get rugpulled and their business is literally just shut down and gone overnight. So here's the current approach. Uh for YouTube specifically, as I mentioned, I'm doing 2 days of filming now for the channel, uh which is much more than it's ever been in the past. That's four total videos minimum per week. Sometimes we're shooting about six to eight videos per week. And as I mentioned, that is mainly impacted by how many of those business breakdowns where we're sitting down doing an interview with somebody, hearing about what their business is, having me give them advice on what they need to do to leave scaling. That could increase the total amount of videos. Uh that two full days is in total, let's call it about 6 hours a day on average. That's 12 hours per week that goes into filming just YouTube videos. Now, IG is the other thing that takes a fair bit of time for me compared to where it used to just being a redistribution platform. One specific day out of the week, again, this is either a a Tuesday or it's a Thursday. It's one of those two days. Um, I'm sitting down and I'm filming shorts. I'm filming reels now. And this usually takes like 1 to two hours uh to film a total. Right now, we're filming 15 total reels. Okay? And how that ends up looking is we try to post five times per day on Instagram specifically. So, out of the five posts uh per day that go out on IG, we have three of those are videos, like literally reels that I sat down and shot. And then in addition to that, we have two images. Those images are usually carousels. Like, as an example, they're they're tweet carousels. Um or sometimes they are I don't really know how to describe this specific format in an easy way. So I'm just going to show you. Um here's here's one of them. So let let me know when that's focused so they can see and I can start scrolling. This first one that I'm describing. So this is an example of like an actual tweet thread that we put out and on that tweet thread, you know, it did well realistically for it to get repurposed onto IG. Uh we screenshot them and then we post them in a carousel like what you see here. And then at the end we post a call to action. So, this particular call to action on this one, it says, "Hey, comment AI and I'll send you over a signup link to Jeremy AI." And like you can see this one, this one didn't do that well. Others do. All right. You know, like give or take this specific video, it might have like one to like 50 different comments depending on which one it is. Um, as an example, the the shares on it are good, though. Like, as an example, this one got 98 total shares. That's pretty good. It's the exact same type of format. And then, again, I don't know why the comments don't always load, but we have a a range on this one. Like as an example, you could see on this one, we've got 84 total comments, 377 total shares, and those comments are all people specifically commenting AI, AI, AI. So, so that's good. You see what I'm saying? Now, the other format that we specifically post on IG, we literally take videos like this and we do the thing where we screenshot them and then we post these little here's what I was actually saying in the video to teach a lesson. And this format does well, too. Again, it ranges in terms of its total engagement, give or take which one we're looking at, but it can go from, you know, a negligible amount of likes, comments, or shares. Every single one of these has a call to action to comment something to get something. So, some of those comments are free stuff. A lot of those comments are for something where we're actually trying to make money. So, every single post on IG is optimized for what's called a comment CTA. Okay? And that comment CTA is is damn near the same thing every time. It's hey comment this so you can get this. And it could be different stuff. It could be paid stuff or it could be free stuff is as simple as I can make it. Um could be paid or it could be free stuff. And the free stuff would be like lead magnets we create. The paid stuff could be offers like Jeremy AI, Jeremy's inner circle, master internet marketing, a specific Jeremy's master class, something. Uh the free stuff could be comment this to go watch this particular video. or it could be comment this and we'll send you this specific lead magnet or this specific SOP or whatever the hell it is. Um, to be clear, every single post out of the five, no matter what, is comment this to get this. There's never a post that doesn't have that. So, three vids a day, two images. So, once a week, I want to be fair and saying sometimes I get really burnt out when I film reels, just to be transparent, they're really hard cuz on long form videos I can really go in-depth, which is how I prefer to communicate to you. I don't actually prefer to like withhold things or simplify things to too much of an extent. Anytime I sit down and film reels, I have to do that. I have to be able to communicate something in under a minute or under two minutes. So, I really have to take out a lot of the juicy stuff and I have to get it down to just a hook, a simple body, and then a CTA at the end. Um, so most days, again, it takes me about one to two hours because I get so burnt out doing it. I can [ __ ] up a few times and like need to refilm stuff. Uh, but again, here's the background to that. Uh, we sit down. I have my IG guy that's here in house with us named Alex. Uh we sit down usually in different locations around here at the office. He'll have a few different hooks or kind of like templated hooks that I can think with and plug into and then we'll have a specific thing that we're trying to promote the most that week. As an example, we've had entire weeks that are dedicated just to one particular topic of content like just sales or just show rate or just call funnels or just webinars as an example. During those particular weeks, we'll mainly promote um as an example, a Jeremy's master class that's exclusively talking and teaching about that particular offer. In other instances, we'll be pitching Jeremy AI. Uh in terms of the total cadence, at least one of those five posts per day is a Jeremy AI post, no matter what. So, we get at least five Jeremy AI promotions per week on IG. The other two to four different pieces of content that get posted on there, whether it's a video or an image, are just promoting something else instead. So that's what I do now in terms of Instagram. Uh to be clear, X, Twitter, LinkedIn, and in addition to that, the blog and email, they still follow the same system in terms of how I described it to you above. It's the same stuff. This is a repurposed of all the YouTube videos. And I want to be also very direct in saying what they promote. So X, Twitter, LinkedIn, the blog and email, their job is to actually push people back to YouTube. So that's the entire point. So the entire system here, the entire system is to promote the main channel is to promote YouTube. Every call to action, no matter what it is, go back and watch this video or go do this, go do that on YouTube. So those are those are really what they're used for. I'm sure I could exploit X a little bit more than I do now. Twitter. Uh, I don't give a [ __ ] about LinkedIn. I genuinely don't. I I hate that place so much. Blogs, we're doing really well on the AI search engine optimized side of things. And emails, we're also doing really well now that we've got an AI agent in there full-time. This system that I've just described, as I mentioned, I tried to break down the total time per week. Usually, it's about 13 to 14 hours a week now that are going into the actual like documented filming of me. uh which is a tremendous amount greater than how it was the first two years when it was simply two hours per week. But as I mentioned, because it's such a huge revenue driver for us now, I have to consistently commit to it. Uh and it makes more sense to commit that total time to it. That's 48 hours in a month instead of 8 hours per month in the old system that I had. Again, now I'm at 40 extra hours for 48 total. Totally worth it, though. In my opinion, it makes a ton of sense. Uh to be very direct with you, if you want the entire system with nothing held back, make sure you check those links down in the description. Jeremy's inner circle is for rich people that are trying to get a hell of a lot richer. I do twice a month one-on-one calls. We have week weekly group calls, SOPs literally dedicated just to this topic. As an example, you can DM me. Uh we have four times a year masterminds in person, which at this point are pretty much trophy ceremonies and networking opportunities. That's where we give out our million-dollar a month trophies, our $3 million a month trophies, or our $5 million a month trophies to our biggest earners in that group. It's incredible as a resource, as a networking opportunity, and as a way to be able to gain that individual one-on-one access to me. It's costly, but it'll never betray you. To be clear, if you're looking for a fully comprehensive digital marketing training program, Master Internet Marketing is it. Seven weeks, super indepth, individual topics discussed per week. So, you walk out the other side of that seven weeks a master of all things internet marketing. And then lastly, but definitely not least, is Jeremy AI, which is my AI clone. We control, host, and own this specific clone. It is also now a Gentic. For those who don't know what a Gentic AI means, it means that it's like watching your computer work for you. Now, imagine being able to have me be able to go into your ad account and audit it in real time after you connect Jeremy AI to your ad account. It could do things like that. Uh, it has the ability to go and audit a web page that you put into it. It obviously has the ability to write ad ideas, write ad copy, write web page copy, write email copy, etc. But it can do so much now. And it can also connect to different softwares and tools, which is an incredible upgrade to it. very cost- effective, very easy to earn that revenue that you're going to give me back into your business, depending on what you talk to it about, of course. Check out those paid offers down in the description. Make sure you subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. Share this video with somebody who needs it, who needs to work on their organic content engine. And most importantly, go get richer. Toxin.