# How To Scale A Call Funnel To $1M/Month (Step-By-Step)
# video_id: Zr8m8euJ3zw | views: 11000 | duration_min: 50
# url: https://youtu.be/Zr8m8euJ3zw

Welcome to the video. All we do is talk about million-dollar months around here. First million month, next million month, or just handed down lessons from people that have been there, done that. In this video, we're talking about call funnel lessons from people who have cracked million-dollar months or a couple million bucks using them. This is going to be an updated version of this specific set of lessons with best practices working literally right now to crank profitable, qualified calls consistently coming through your call funnel that your closers are actually probable to convert. So, without further ado, let's dive in. The very first thing that's very important to consider is who you want to ideally have come through this whole thing. Now, let me be extremely specific, so you don't think this video is going to be a bunch of fluff [ __ ] Messaging is where everything starts in the attraction process, and messaging is for all things. You have the ads that you have to consider, you have the actual funnel you have to consider, and the funnel obviously have has variables like our headline, has our VSL. In addition to that, the questions that you ask in your application can also signal whether you're talking to the right people or not. From there, we have our confirmation page, we also have our email sequences that we have to consider, and lastly, we have our sales people that we have to also dial in and make sure that they're all parroting the exact same things. Most people don't actually have congruency across all these steps, and so they immediately experience an issue with who's actually coming into the funnel in the first place. Nowadays, there really is no middle class to a degree. We see in marketing time and time again that you're either advertising for a rich demographic or you're advertising more so for the general public. Keep in mind, I have a really great video on my channel, but I'll discuss this video here lately in terms of the four group stages of buyers. You have to pick and choose immediately which specific buyer type you are going to attempt to attract. There are four total. Buyer type number one is a small demographic, but it's a demographic of people that take extreme risks. This is typically on the more financially qualified end of the spectrum as well. They require very little to literally no group think. They require no real safety in the investment or the cost of your high-ticket offer. And in addition to that, they're willing to take risks and be a first mover. The second group of people require group think. They require the first movers to have already taken an action to confidently take an action themselves. So, if I'm optimizing knowingly around people who are inside of group two, I need to make sure that inside of my messaging I'm articulating simple things like somebody's already been there, done that. Group two still likes to be early. They like to feel like they're on the cutting edge even though they're not a true first mover and a true risk-taker. But nonetheless, you want to ideally in that type of messaging attract somebody by saying people have already been there, done that, but not that many. You're still early. Group three, that specific buyer type, they not only require group think, they also require safety in their dollars. Group three is poor. They're not completely broke, but they're just simply put they have less money than group one and group two. So, not only do they need group think, they need to know that there's safety in the dollars that they're going to risk because they have less dollars. Group four is all skeptics. You never want to optimize around skeptics. You actively want to deter skeptics at all costs. You also want to consider a key thing here, which is relative to which type of person you're actively going to attract, what specific messaging variables are you going to use to attract the best amongst the people that you are trying to get to come through your funnel. We do that with some messaging best practices referred to as problems, circumstances, and desired outcomes. These three things matter a lot. When you look at desired outcomes, circumstances, and problems, we have to essentially break down what, how, and why. How does everything look in their world right now? What does it feel like, sound like, look like? Um why are they in this position in the first place? Why is everything going on? Why is all this stuff happening to them? There's a simple concept that I like to visualize with one of my SOPs that we give out in my offers like Master Internet Marketing or my Jeremy's Inner Circle offer. We even give people access to this if they ask the right questions through Jeremy AI now. This is our messaging SOP. It's called master messaging and I visualize it with this bridge system. In messaging, I need to properly articulate where somebody's currently at, where they ideally want to go to, only then do they give a [ __ ] about the bridge. The bridge needs to be sturdy, of course, and they need to have confidence to walk across it, but they first have to genuinely feel like I understand where they are and where they actively want to go to. There's also a simple concept in marketing. Comes from a great book called The Ultimate Selling Machine by Chet Holmes. It's a concept called stadium selling. He articulates the numbers a little different than what I've experienced and how I articulate them, but we agree on the in-market demographic of people. In-market audiences are people that are already actively identifying that they are seeking a solution. They are actively in the market looking to spend their money on something to solve a problem or buy an outcome. The next demographic is what's called the needs-convinced demographic, which I like to say is about 30% of the market. Chet likes to say it's a little less in his book, but nonetheless, it's something that we agree on exists next. So, the needs-convinced demographic, these folks come off a little colder. So, as an example, let me help you understand something that may have happened to you running call funnels or really any funnel type. You may have actively, upon launching your ads and starting off at a smaller budget, experienced an in-market pool of people. People who showed up to the calls ready to go, lay down deals, they had a few questions and they're ready to buy. Then eventually, after you started scaling, you started to see a slightly higher cost and a slightly colder lead starting to come through the calls. If and when that happens, you have to understand that there becomes a substantial shift in the messaging that you have. No longer can your messaging components be geared exclusively towards in-market customers. If I start to get needs-convinced traffic coming through my funnels, what I have to do is I immediately have to update the entirety of my messaging stack to be geared towards educating people on why it makes sense for them to buy. The needs convinced demographic can be explained really simply. They are the demographic of people that could be convinced that they have the problem or want the outcome. They're not necessarily coming through the funnel already sold on it though. They have a baseline level of interest that can be nurtured. The other key thing that we also have to consider when we are going to launch our call funnel and just how we're building it and how we're going to scale the whole thing is we really have to remember a lot of the consumption happens on the back side of a call funnel, not actually on the front end. You can try to force consumption on the front end, but for the most part you're going to fail and dramatically increase your cost if you attempt to do so. Of course, you want to build a call funnel with a great VSL on it and depending on what the play rate and engagement rates are, potentially additional sections on the page that you're going to have. However, make sure that before you do anything, you consider the who. Who specifically am I attempting to talk to? Do I want to talk to in-market? Do I want to immediately talk to needs convinced relative to where my business may currently be at? Am I trying to talk relative on the risk spectrum to buyer type number one, two, or three? Um and again, make sure that the messaging is congruent across the board for everything. When it comes to the actual funnel themselves and we'll talk about the ads here shortly. We need to build the funnel and the funnel has a few key components that we must consider. We're still running call funnels without opt-ins. I want you to remember that if you have an extremely dialed in setter team, you can choose to run an opt-in if you're able to do this simple report successfully. If you're able to go into your CRM, export the people or pull up the people in a report that have opted in and not applied. They did not apply in this example. They only opted in and your setters were still able to make money off of those people, then you can justify an opt-in and it better be a good amount of money to justify. In almost every other instance, by far and large, a majority of the time, an opt-in is not justified and it's simply added friction. On my channel here, one thing that we do is this concept called business breakdowns. And we had a particular guy come on the channel, his name's Andres, and in his specific business breakdown, this is his bottleneck analysis for what he's actively running. This is for a call funnel. He has an opt-in on his call funnel. His opt-in was getting a [ __ ] 2.62% opt-in rate. That is an insane level of friction for a call funnel that resulted in him getting a $520 cost per call. That is willfully, artificially inflating the cost per call analytic because of this step existing. Even if you justified keeping it there because of the setters making money on people who opted in and did not apply, you better be sold that it makes enough money to keep because if you remove the opt-in, you typically get a lot more people that come through your funnel as a result. So, our funnels typically look like a headline. We have a VSL on the page, and then usually we embed the application straight away. Now, there's a few key things that I really want to update you on when it comes to VSL call funnels. The VSL can be a traditional VSL. In addition to that, we've seen a few other things that have actually worked really well. Podcast. So, we have a client right now, his name's Andrew. We're giving him or giving him a million dollar a month trophy at this upcoming Q3 mastermind for Jeremy's Inner Circle. Long story short, he has a podcast. It's an hour long. It's an hour long podcast right there embedded on the page. It's not even a fancy podcast. It's a podcast that was shot over Zoom. He's a real estate info guy. It was not that exciting of a podcast. He didn't have a crazy setup. He didn't do anything elaborate with the production. Just a standard laptop webcam is what it looked like, audio, too. And him and this guy did a simple 1-hour podcast going through how his offer worked, questions that the guy had about it. It's essentially the same stuff that everybody would want to know if they come through the funnel anyway. We allowed for people to skip through the podcast. We actually just took a YouTube embed and put it right there on the VSL step. Worked really well. Gets him a consistent qualified person coming through that consumes. There's a few things that work really well when you're doing VSLs. So, first of all, VSL chapters. So, if you look at the base of this exact video that you're watching right now, and you take your mouse or your finger and you hover over the bottom of the video where the play bar is, you'll see that it's chaptered. If you scroll down and you actually look a little bit below the description of the video but above the comments, you'll also see chapters that are visually mapped with different thumbnails and what that specific section of the video is about. That's called VSL chaptering. We do this. Unfortunately, not a lot of people on the front end just consume things the exact way that you structured it. They have their preference for what they actually want to know and it's good for you to map the specific things that people actually want to know with a VSL chapter for where that specific thing is covered within the VSL so they can just skip right to it. That actually, believe it or not, gets a lot more consumption. Especially, that's a great tactic when you're targeting the rich demographic. We have literally one Jeremy Inner Circle member right now, his name's Marcel, where he forces the consumption by putting a 45-minute delay before his application pops up. He's the only one right now out of a little over 220 people that are actively inside of Jeremy's Inner Circle that are successfully doing that. Everybody else whoever tries to force consumption through a delayed application just gets a dramatically higher cost per call. So, it's not a best practice that we typically recommend. Um simply put, VSLs, we have an incredible video on my channel. It'll appear to you as though it's a little older now. I think I shot it about a year ago but it's still the same best practice as what we do now. I went through my VSL best practices inside of my SOP that I have for mastering VSLs. So, there's a video on my channel dedicated just to the specifics of what you actively need to put inside of a traditional VSL and the flow of it. So, make sure you go check that video out if you want about an hour-long video from eight-figure VSL lessons. Um to be very direct with you, it's a super important you understand this. You can test a lot of tiny things, but these big things are so far what we've seen make the biggest difference. Um to be clear, we are still right now in terms of the application software, seeing that Typeform and Calendly are the best. Uh I want to be very direct. I don't have any kind of affiliate relationship with these guys. I don't give a [ __ ] about Typeform and Calendly, to be honest with you. Both Typeform and Calendly have little things that piss me off. There are alternative softwares that are attempting to compete with the Typeform and Calendly combo. There's two of them in particular. One of them's called I Closed. We consistently hear good things from people who are using I Closed. It's more of a sales-centric application {slash} scheduling software. It allows things like double bookings. It also has some visual analytics that work great. Um simply put, I Closed is something that we see some of our higher-level Jeremys Inner Circle members using. Again, we still simply put, when I say Typeform and Calendly is our preference, we still see that get the lowest cost per qualified call compared to any other tech solution. The other one that we're actively seeing people use, and this is literally right now while I film this, is a tool called Sales Kick. Um Sales Kick we're seeing really split reviews on. And the split reviews are the polar opposite of each other on the spectrum. There is no real middle on people's experience with it so far. Um as an example, I sat down with a girl uh right before I actually shot this video here. Her name was Elaine. And Elaine had made a switch over to Sales Kick, and her costs skyrocketed dramatically. Um she then articulated herself in her own words that her customer service experience was terrible with some dude, I'm not sure of his name actually. I'm not going to make one up or anything, but anyway, long story short, we've seen uh with the clients that we like our actual clients that we have that have tested this software, a very interesting delay. So, the promise of SalesKick from the perspective of features has been very promising. Like I'd love to see that it actually works because the promise of what SalesKick is is really hopeful. But, the reality right now from what we've experienced is the exact opposite, unfortunately. So, here's the simple thing that I want to articulate with this cuz I'm not sitting here trying to trash any particular software. Again, I really hope that they win with this. They have an AI analysis step. So, if I had a shorter application that just had multiple choice questions and I didn't have any like free-form answers and I wasn't using their AI analysis, you wouldn't encounter the problem that I'm about to articulate and everything should be fine for you. The problem is is a lot of our clients do have free-form questions, meaning that they'll ans- they'll ask a question that requires like a short-form response or a long-form response and then SalesKick has this AI analyzer that essentially uses an agent to analyze the character count and the answer quality against a prompt that you've added to it and that adds from what we've seen as little as a 4 to 6 second delay all the way up to about 10 to 15 seconds before it rotates over to the scheduler, which is insane. That drives up the cost per call dramatically, so we're not seeing people use that. We're not recommending that right now at all. But, to be clear, I'll absolutely be the first one to sound off if and when it becomes something that's viable. Again, if you have a really simple application, it seems to be good for that. The calendar routing, the ability to double book, the AI analysis step, those are all really cool progressive features that like I said, in practice would be super awesome to actually see work well. But, right now Typeform and Calendly are still getting the cheapest cost per call and that's the most important thing that I want to point out. Typeform, if you put any kind of feature request in, they seemingly just don't give a [ __ ] at all to improve much and then there's basic things that people complain about with Calendly. Let me be very clear when I say this. If you choose to separate due to the tech that you've used, you choose to separate your application and your scheduler, we still see the same statistic where there's about a 50% drop-off between the application and the scheduler from people who are qualified that just simply put don't book. So, if I use like let's use the example of a few different tools that people might be using. We have GoHighLevel that very commonly has an application and a scheduler, but they're separate, meaning that they're literally on two different URLs. They're on two different pages is what I mean by separate. Some people who got unfortunately sold on HubSpot, they actively try to use everything in-house with HubSpot so they don't pay for additional softwares. They have a separate application and scheduler, and those people on average are seeing a 50% drop-off. That's the average from people who are qualified that should have scheduled that didn't because again, the application and the scheduler are on different pages. With Typeform and Calendly, still today we're seeing about a 16% average drop-off rate because the application and the scheduler are integrated with each other. When we've seen a simple application, meaning there's none of that AI analyzer stuff going on, SalesKick has been good and has been in that realm of like 16 to 20-ish percent for the drop-off rate. But again, if you're asking people questions and you're going to use the AI to grade applications, put a lead score to them and then route them to a calendar relative to what the lead score was, that's where we have our problem with SalesKick right now just because of the speed. It's causing for a bigger drop-off than 50% because people are not going to sit there and wait more than realistically a second or two before they think their page froze and they just bounce. So, be very mindful of that. Ideally, you have those softwares integrated with each other no matter what tech stack you're choosing to use. So, long story short, after somebody actually schedules the call, um just to be clear on this, we usually see about 72 hours still be the max time frame from the day that somebody's sitting there looking at the calendar for how far out they should be allowed to book. We don't ideally want to push too far into the future beyond that because we see the show rate start to degrade a lot as a result. The sooner that they book, the better. There is an argument where if they book too soon, they don't have enough time for consumption. So, if you're having an issue with leads showing up through your call funnel that are under-educated and your sales people are having to do an education call and they're getting mad about that and they're saying leads are too cold, then you likely need to actually add a little bit of time in between the time that they're allowed to book and the time that the actual call occurs. So, be mindful of that, but 72 hours out is about the max. Usually about 24 hours is ideal um cuz again, you want to have consumption occur. From here, we forward them over to a confirmation page and on this confirmation page, we do what we call back-end selling systems. So, I have a set of best practices. There's five of them particularly and literally all five of them come in handy when it comes to a call funnel especially because it handles a lot of the education. Um real quick, so you can understand this, on the front end, when somebody is looking at the ad and then they click to the page, they're in a mode we call scanner mode where what they're trying to do is they're trying to be very energy conservative. People don't want to go and try to figure literally every single thing out. They don't want to watch 100% of your VSL. Um they don't have time for that. After all, they were just scrolling through a social media app and then randomly saw your ad and just clicked to it. What makes you think they want to spend an hour just chilling there, you know? What they actually want to do is they want to quickly determine, is this for me? Is this not for me? That's why a lot of the consumption is shallow when you're looking at call funnel analytics on VSL play rates and engagement rates. People realistically are trying to determine as fast as they can, is this for me? Is this it's for me? So, they look for signals in your VSL, in your headlines, in your ads, even in your application questions that determine is this for me or not. However, once they schedule the call, we see a switch, okay? They go from scanner mode to justification mode. Justification mode is where they're officially booked on the calendar and they have to justify actually showing up and whether it's worth their time or not. So, between the booking occurring and the actual call time, they're trying to justify whether they should show or not. They justify it from a few different perspectives. First of all is urgency. Is this a real priority for them? If not, you're going to see your show rate suffer. You're going to see your close rate suffer. You'll see long sales cycles. So, if you're seeing that, it's likely because you're lacking real reasons to bump up what you want them to do on their priority list. It's just a lower priority for them, simply put. So, you want to build things around urgency. Some of you have a nuclear-level threat to your show rate, which is either a negative set of Trustpilot reviews, a negative AI model talking poorly about you and your business, or even worse, a negative Reddit thread. So, if any one of these particular things are currently plaguing you, again, they're a nuclear-level threat and they must be handled. But, on your confirmation page, you might want to put something like a research video, which we refer to as a due diligence video. You sit down, you actively go through with them exactly what they'd otherwise find on their own, and you add frame to it. As an example, think about any time any country on Earth has ever gone to war and just started bombing the living [ __ ] out of a country, there's a narrative behind it. There's a justification behind it. And they don't ever just go bomb the [ __ ] out of somebody without making the narrative exceptionally well known for why, right? You want to add some why behind why whatever negative exists about you and talk about it. Add frame to it. All that starts literally right on the confirmation page. The confirmation page is then filled with what we call breakout videos. So, if there's anything in particular that's bugging your sales people, they're getting upset that they have to talk about it, what you want to do is ideally make a individual video per thing that the sales people wish somebody knew prior to a call. If there's any key aha moments or epiphany moments that you find occur prior to a lead being willing to buy, put those inside of a breakout video. Other than that, the best things to put on your breakout page are simply put things you want to make sure that people know ahead of time prior to the actual call occurring. You can have as many of these as you want. We have a client that has 19 breakout videos on their page plus an urgency video at the top. 20 videos on one page. Besides the breakout videos, testimonials are a must. That makes a big difference. Try to avoid, believe it or not, all the commonly used rhetoric in call funnels. Like, "Hey, make sure you check your email. Make sure you show up, you know." None of that [ __ ] works nowadays. Um what we see work, like I said, is immediately nurturing the education frame. It helps the sales people, helps close sales cycles to a shorter time frame, helps increase show rate, and get people excited. Um from there, we have a concept we refer to as value-dense email sequences. So, some niches have different consumption patterns. That's why there's five total back-end selling systems. I'll give you a great example. I commonly use the blue-collar niche to reference that they don't watch videos. Like, if you put all the work in the world onto your confirmation page making great videos, if you're selling to the blue-collar niche, they just don't watch that stuff. They hate it. You'll see single-digit play rates on most of your videos. But, the blue-collar niche for emails, for some reason, oh, they love them. So, depending on the niche that you're actively operating in, may determine one of these specific things being better than the other. Some niches consume all of them. Some niches consume one of them. Ideally, on your email sequences, you want to see at least a 50 to 60% open rate. We find that if you check the email deliverability score, almost 100% of the time they're at 100% or in the very high 90s, but judge your emails being delivered and hitting the primary inbox based on seeing an open rate that's either within that 50 to 60% range or greater than that. Very important that you consider this. The Valuedance email sequences and really any of the backend selling systems, they all parrot the messaging of one another because we don't know which consumption which consumption preference your specific lead has. So, keep in mind, some people may just prefer to immediately consume all your confirmation page videos. They'll ignore the emails. They'll show up to the call and they'll be sold. Other niches, they won't watch a single confirmation page video, but they'll read the hell out of every single email that comes into their inbox. Okay? Now, you can send, I know this is going to sound outrageous, you can send up to six Valuedance email sequences a day. I would never ever start with six, okay? Typically, we'll start with like two to three emails in a day and then we'll work our way up depending on what the open rate of the previous email was. So, as an example, if I had two emails and they both are sitting at the exact same open rate within the ideal range of let's say 50 to 60% plus, you know, I'm going to add a third. Keep in mind, this is the most important concept to understand behind Valuedance email sequences. You are attempting to actually say things that they genuinely give a [ __ ] about and would want to know. Um I commonly use the example that I was targeted a few years ago by an ad that had said, "Hey, move your United States corporation to Dubai and you will avoid United States taxes as a result." Now, that's not true. I just wanted to disclose that literally you can't do that. Like that's not how it works unless you renounce your United States citizenship. But however, I saw this ad and I was like, "Oh, that sounds great. Like I [ __ ] hate taxes. Sure, I'll book a call." Now, they didn't have me book the call until nine days out. So, that's a that's a bad thing right there alone, but the only things they sent over the course of that 9 days were reminder emails. I want you to understand something. I give so much of a [ __ ] about lowering my tax burden, they could have sent me five to six emails every day for those 9 days. And if they were informative to me and answered my questions, dude, I would have showed up to the call, I would have been enthusiastic, and I would have been all the more probable to close. What happens instead is I did my research on my own, right? This is the common issue that happens when you don't provide the information. You think that they're just waiting until the time of the call to get the information. What they do is they still pursue cuz they're in justification mode whether it actually makes sense to show up or not. So, in that period of time of those 9 days, one of those days I went online and I was looking up whether what they actually claimed was even possible, and I learned I'd probably go to jail if I did that. So, I didn't show up to the call. But, man, they would have done a lot better if they would have actually educated me, and maybe I don't know something that would have actually made it so that was possible. Who knows? Not me. So, anyway, value-dense email sequences matter a lot. Those are two of the five back-end selling systems. Ideally, at the same time, we have what's called setter pre-call best practices. Okay? I want you to take something into consideration real quick. When you have sales people that complain about a lead showing up too cold or unfamiliar or just not ready to buy yet, that's because there's an education component to the call that your sales people are frustrated with having to deal with. Your sales people know when someone's probable to close, and they know when someone's going to be a long drawn-out sale. Simply put, you have to mitigate the education process from occurring, okay? Now, I'm going to show you something I want you to consider here, and I've actually never showed this on the channel before. There's one of my inner circle members, his name's Evan, and Evan has a client with an incredible set of sales assets. Okay, so what I'm about to show you is what we refer to as a sales asset or otherwise what's known as a trust asset. So, for this particular client of Evan, what we're going to see is a client who's trying to raise money for a real estate investment, okay? They're trying to literally raise capital. And for the specific property that they're attempting to raise capital for, look at what they put in to a simple document that is long. I'm not going to scroll further cuz I don't want you to be able to see the rest of this, but this is a long document. I'm going to name a few of these things that are in here. There's an executive summary video that goes through the property at a high level. There is a full video summary, which rather than being a summary, is a longer drawn-out video and it's literally on-site at the property that they're trying to buy. There's an offer memorandum to make sense of the numbers. There's financials of the deal and of the actual business that's raising capital, CoStar report, drone footage, and then they start naming the specific things that highlight the the market that this specific real estate deals in. This county is the number one for growth. Green Bay adds more high-income jobs, 119% more, including 200k plus jobs. Links to all this stuff. Best place to live articles. There's a ton of stuff in here. We have a Jeremy's Inner Circle member, his name is Nick, and when I was bringing this up on a recent Show Rates Best Practices Weekly Group Call that we did in Jeremy's Inner Circle, Nick shares his screen and he shows one of his sales assets. Nick helps people get into Airbnb properties with a done-for-you version of that offer, and he has on his sales asset page a handful of videos that go through some deals, and then he just has this long list of every deal he's done. He has the address, he has two links per address. A specific breakdown of the financials for every single property. And in addition to that, he has a video breakdown of every single property that he's done a deal for. And it's just this monster list of addresses with the video breakdown and the pro forma for every single deal, okay? That got his show rate to 75% plus because of the sales asset, the trust asset that he had created. So, when you hear me say setter pre-call best practices, what a lot of really unsophisticated businesses who are getting smoked with their call funnels right now do is they have their setters reach out and selfishly just try to qualify people based on their financial status. That makes no sense. That makes no sense to do. What actually makes sense is for the setters to try to do the education part of the sales pro cess if it still is not done yet. Have the setters establish contact with a lead, mainly through text nowadays cuz most people don't answer the phones, and try to get an engagement bait text that looks like it's sent from a real person sent to the leads first, right? Send off a specific text that says something along the lines of, "Hey, I've got a great set of pro forma links and video breakdowns per property that we've helped our clients get into and I'd love to show you those. Would you prefer I text or would you prefer I email a list?" Right? Get an engagement bait text, no matter what your high-ticket offer is, whether it's a high-ticket product or service, try to get an engagement bait response here. One of our Jeremy's Inner Circle members who got a million dollar a month trophy, his name's Tom. Tom sells hyperbaric chambers. And in Tom's business, he actually has an AI setter do this. He doesn't even have a real person do it. And if you call the number, he has 11 Labs hooked up to it for a AI setter to talk on the phone. And that AI setter's job is to do the education part of the sales process. Whether it's a human, whether it's an AI, it's very important that you understand this step needs done. It's one of the five back-end selling systems. By the way, we have a great video on this channel that you're watching this on right now on Tom's business, going through his offer and how he got to 10 million bucks over the course of a year. Um now he's well beyond that to be clear, but that's something along the lines of what the title's called. And he had no staff. He just had some drop shipping people for a hyperbaric chamber. And in addition to that, he had his AI team sell unbelievable. Keep in mind, you got back end selling system number one, back end selling system number two, back end selling system number three. Now, one other thing that we see people doing right now, especially the general public, is they ask AI models what they should think about stuff. So, we have what's called AI manipulation mastery, okay? And with AI manipulation, there's five key things that we use to be able to get the AI to say positive things about our businesses and us. These include things like blogs, Trustpilot, Reddit, as well as two others. That if somebody asked the question to an AI model, whether it's Google's AI overview, chat, Claude, whatever, Gemini, the AI should say something positive about you, not negative, okay? And you need to be able to successfully look at what the AI models currently say about you. You'd be very surprised cuz they all cite where they get their data from. So, as an example, we had a client, somebody would ask the price to Google specifically. They'd say, "Hey, what's the price of this guy's specific offer?" And Google AI search overview would say it cost $5,000. It had pulled that from a podcast that was like a decade old for a completely different offer. The guy's actual offer cost $17,000 to $26,000. So, it's inverse price anchoring when somebody shows up to a call and ask that question, which there was a high quantity of people asking, apparently, that would nuke the close rate as a result of the AI models saying something that it shouldn't have. You want to go and you want to audit that. I promise you, it's going to have a high impact on what you do. And then, last but not least, we have this remarketing strategy we refer to as the hammer them strategy. Now, the hammer them strategy, it takes short form and long form content, puts them into two separate engagement-based campaigns, optimized for through-play video views, one video per ad set, and it targets people who had just booked a call. If you don't have enough people, you have to have 150 people per audience at a minimum cuz it doesn't ever have 100% match rate. Realistically, you're going to have a match rate that's lower than that. So, you need a minimum of 100 people in the audience to get it to target and spend successfully. Um to be clear, you want to target these people with short-form and long-form content that was strategically created. We go through this in depth in all my offers that you can find links for down in the description. If you're a rich person trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you should join into Jeremy's Inner Circle. If you are wanting to become very very educated in all things digital marketing, check out my Master Internet Marketing offer. If you just have real-time questions that you'd otherwise want to ask me, join into my Jeremy AI offer, very cost-effective. Back to my point. When you look at the Hammer Them strategy specifically, this is critical, but it really works best when you're operating at scale so you have enough people within the time frame of booking to the average call. You can also beef it up a little bit and extend that timeline a little bit if you need to meet the minimum of 150 people with people that are just actively in your sales process. Um that way you can actually get the spend off. With those five back-end selling systems that all start to take effect right after somebody books, only then do we typically see the highest show rates, the highest close rates, and the shortest sales cycles. That's when the actual call occurs is after those things have happened. So, with all this factored in and with all this in mind, the question then becomes, well, what do you actually do to drive traffic into all this? Like, what do your ads look like? What are you optimizing for and what are some of the pixel conditioning best practices? And we'll go through that now. So, keep in mind, I just want to do a quick recap. All of what I just said you need to create has to be considered from the baseline intended view of who you're actually trying to attract and who you're trying to build it for. There's a great movie called Inglourious Basterds. So, in the movie Inglourious Basterds, the movie is set in World War II and there's some American soldiers that are actively hunting German soldiers behind German lines. And the Americans at one point in the movie, they find themselves pretending to be German inside of a German bar. And they're not just in any German bar, they're in a German bar with German soldiers. And they're sitting there and they're kind of shooting the [ __ ] with the German soldiers, and all of a sudden a high-ranking German military man walks into the bar, and he's suspicious right away of the Americans. But he's not sure yet, and so he can't act on his suspicion until he's more certain. One of the American guys looks at the bartender, and he goes, "Bartender, three beers." And that was his mistake right there. It took one signal of putting up the wrong number three. Germans hold up the number three like this. Americans, we hold up the number three in all kinds of ways, too. But I'll tell you, those Germans, this is how they hold up the number three. So, right away the German soldier pulls out his gun and just starts blasting them, you know? That was it. A lot of those guys died. Here's the point I'm trying to make extremely clear. The reason I say you start with the who, all it takes is one wrong signal to the demographic that you're actually trying to reach, and then bam, all of a sudden you got a bunch of broke people coming through. Vice versa for the back-end selling systems. If I start blasting six emails a day straight away, you're going to have a bad time if you're going to hit a demographic of people that's going to be super [ __ ] annoyed by that. You have to start at a lower level and really dial it in. Or imagine I have a seller that reaches out that's a young broccoli hair boy that looks like [ __ ] and represents your business poorly and is immature, and you're targeting a people of older men. Realistically, you're going to have a bad time. There needs to be congruency across the board. So, anyway, back to my point. When we look at the actual ads from here, there's a few things that have happened that have changed and that make advertising all the more effective. The first thing that we have to understand is we're in a new age where the algorithm currently is. When you first put a campaign together, one thing that has to be considered are the different standard events throughout the funnel that you can actually optimize around successfully. Let me give you an example. If I look at my initial page that's got my headline, it's got my VSL, and it's got my application, this would be a standard event called view content. I then have the person who submitted an application. Right? Before they book a call, they submit an application. That's also a standard event. Then I have the people who schedule a call. That's also a standard event that I can actively optimize around. Then I have people who show up for a call. These people specifically, this would be what's called a custom conversion. I obviously from there have the people who close. That would be a purchase. That's a standard event. To be clear, in an ideal scenario, we could all optimize around the thing that is furthest down the funnel, which would be a purchase. However, we have to consider the amount of people per week per ad set that are going to hit these numbers so we can escape what's called learning mode. When we launch a campaign, specifically loading it up with one ad set or 10 ad sets can make a huge difference nowadays to the ability to stay within the same pocket audience of people. Each ad set, right now while I sit here and film this, has to have a minimum of 50 people per week. Some accounts, to be fair, if it's a smaller TAM that they model that's available for you, it'll tell you that it might need 50, but you'll see it escape learning mode faster. So, just be mindful of that. Sometimes it takes a little less than 50, but per ad set within the last 7 days, you have to have 50 events per ad set per 7 days to escape learning mode. The reason you want to make sure that you prioritize escaping learning mode is really simple. You will change audiences until it gets enough data. So, all of your stats throughout your funnel will be extremely random appearing. Like, you might have a specific cost per call one week and a specific type of person coming through. And if you don't escape learning mode, bam, the next week all of a sudden you're seeing a completely different type of person come through and you're also seeing a completely different set of stats throughout all the steps in your funnel. You'll then go and start optimizing like crazy around these different stats, but the real problem is is you're not getting enough data back to each ad set to stay within the same pocket audience. So, if you feed it enough data, you'll successfully be able to stay within the same pocket. Now, it's very important to note, what standard event you optimize around is who the algo goes after. It always goes after the people that are the most probable to convert. I typically optimize a call funnel around schedule. But, if I'm operating on a test budget and I'm very concerned after I hear this that I'm not going to escape learning mode, I have to make sure that I have the budget ready to spend, to gas it as soon as I see what's called positive signs of life, otherwise known as leading indicators. It's not like I'm telling you need to spend thousands of dollars a day literally right away. But, yeah, you do have to prioritize nowadays getting enough data back to the platform to stay within that same pocket audience, otherwise you're going to have a bad time. In terms of the order of what happens here, and this is really important you understand this, the messaging, what you actually say in the ads, what you say on the funnel, and which specific standard event you've optimized around, that's what controls who you're probable to get in front of first. After you get that initial data to come into the results column, that data becomes much more weighted in who you're probable to go after next. So, if you ever reach the wrong pocket of people and you stay in the wrong pocket of people, consider a new pixel, consider a new standard event as an example. And by the way, we have an incredible video on my channel on pixel conditioning best practices that I'd encourage you go and watch if you want to learn how to recondition a pixel. But a lot of the times nowadays, you should practice the art of detachment. You should be much more monk-like, and you should be willing to walk away from a pixel that might not be serving you anymore given that it's conditioned with a bunch of junk donkey leads from the past mistakes you've made. However, if I simply want my messaging to control my targeting more than anything else, just launch a brand new campaign and usually the messaging will take over who it targets. After the messaging gets you in front of whoever you're going to get in front of relative to what you've optimized around and what you're saying in those ads, when that data starts to come in, the messaging plays less of an effect and the historical pixel conditioning that's inside of the results column for that specific ad set and campaign starts to take a serious effect. The pixel operates off recency bias. So, as an example, we have one of our Jeremy's Inner Circle members, his name's Abram. And Abram had gone viral on Facebook. Everything was totally fine before the viralness on Facebook happened. He was chilling. He had a great cost per call, he had great quality leads coming in, no issues at all. And then all of a sudden, bam, he goes viral on Facebook, gets a bunch of turds that go through his funnel, just the wrong people. Absolute worst people for him. And out of nowhere, his ad performance starts to tank as a result because all those nasty people that were going through, they started to hit the results column in his Ads Manager, and then everything started to optimize around the junk. So, even if you have a history of months or years of really good data, recency bias matters a ton when you're looking at who has recently come in for controlling who it's probable to go after next. If I want to intentionally change the audience type that my ads are getting in front of, I can I can choose to starve the pixel of data so it changes who it's going to get in front of next. Be mindful of that, too. That's a great best practice. So, simply put, when I create my ads, I also love to point this out. If you've already got sales calls, like you're already a business that's doing a couple hundred thousand bucks a month, or a couple million bucks a month, ideally sitting here watching this, take your past sales calls, get them into transcripts, take that transcript, that giant library of transcripts that you've got, run them through the preferred AI model of your choice that can actually handle the volume of data that you're going to be putting through it, and do a simple analysis. Try to take some of the SOPs that we have as an example, like the master messaging SOP, the creative diversification SOP, the direct response ad creation best practices SOP. If you're inside of one of my groups that there's links for down in the description, you already have all those. If not, take action. Give me some money. I promise you this, I won't betray you. My offers are [ __ ] awesome. We help people get richer. So, anyway, back to my point, take those SOPs on the best practices of creating ads, and in addition to that, take the transcripts from your sales calls, and from there, create a good prompt, and have that prompt go through all of your call transcripts and all of those SOPs, and have it create ad ideas, have it create ad copy, have it create funnel copy, have it create even a VSL transcript for you to film off of, based on what's actually happening inside of your sales process. Be very, very mindful of one key thing. If you've successfully mitigated a lot of the questions that may come up on a sales call, and you've been getting a ton of lay-down deals, you won't have as much effectiveness doing this. In comparison, if you actually take the calls that have had more friction and haven't closed, in addition to the ones that asked good questions and still ended up closing, you'll have a much better time with the ad scripts and the VSL scripts that will get created for you to go and film and use for your ad copy. Um be very mindful when creating ads to not have related media turned on. We had a guy just in the inner circle, his name's Devon. Poor guy's new to advertising, he's doing it himself. He had a specific video ad that he created. He's all excited to run it. He then sees in his newsfeed just a random really up-close photo of one of his client's faces and he was like, "What the [ __ ] is going on?" He's like, "What's this?" And it's cuz he had related media turned on on the ad set level. Sometimes it's on the ad level now. Also, make sure you obviously can turn you turn off every single advantage creative toggle besides uh I think it's called related comments. There is one in particular that highlights like a positive comment. So, if somebody's looking at the ad and they don't click into the comments, they'll be a very positive comment if there are a positive comment to highlight right there in the uh in the footer like visibly without having to click on anything in the ad as you scroll through the feed. That's the only one we like. Make sure you turn off all those other junkers because they'll really cook you. >> [laughter] >> Um uh to be clear, from here, there's one last thing I really want to make sure that I cover with you so you walk away from here with the most value that I can give you today, which is an AI sales manager. Um we find time and time again that AI does a far better job at sales management compared to human beings. So, there are some great sales managers out there. I don't want to in any way make any way, shape, or form make it sound like there's not. Um but AI sales management just does things that human beings literally can't do. Um to be clear, let me give you some examples. Review every single sales call in its entirety. >> [laughter] >> Right, your sales manager is not going to do that, especially at scale. So, review every single sales call um against best practices, against worst-case scenarios, against compliance as an example. Uh you You program an AI sales manager to successfully check the transcript of every single sales call, produce a feedback email or Slack message, or however you want to set it up, that goes to that rep, or that adds notes to a CRM field that you have it set up to put notes into. You can have your actual human being sales manager get an end-of-day email report. Uh but more importantly, what we see as most valuable of this is we get an unbiased what actually happened on the calls that day report from the AI sales manager to the owner of the business. So, your sales manager, your sales people will usually manipulate data cuz they're sales people in their favor. They're not usually just presenting data in a very like raw, transparent way. Um comparatively, the AI sales manager will never do that. You get a very unbiased review at the end of the day of what actually happened on the calls, what went good, what went bad, what needs fixed, uh what should be amplified, accelerated, highlighted, and you get all the training opportunities, you get compliance issues that may have happened that you need to go correct right away. Um you can even, depending on if you've had customers refund at a later time based on historical sales call transcripts, feed that data back to the AI sales manager so it knows who may have a high probability to refund or charge back in the future based on how they were closed. So, AI sales management makes such a substantial difference. In addition to all the reporting that I just said that the AI sales manager can do, we also want to get an unbiased AI report that gets sent to the marketer or the marketing team at the end of each day. That way, they can take action on what's happening on these sales calls in an unbiased way as well. Um this has been a set of a lot of what currently works. I do want to be fair in saying I withhold about 80 to 90% of what I could otherwise sit here and talk about with you. I save all that for my paid offers, which you can find links for down in the description. If you're rich trying to get a hell of a lot richer, Jeremy's Inner Circle is best for you. You have to make a minimum of 100k a month to qualify. Our average person in there does about 3 to 400k a month. We got more than 50 people now that do more than a million a month that we've given trophies to. We have eight that we've given a $5 million a month trophy to. The highest earner in that group does 10 million bucks a month. Um second highest does about $90 a year, which I'm surprised I still don't know what that comes out to per month. Anyway, four times a year we do masterminds here in person. In addition to that, we do twice a month one-on-one calls with me, weekly group calls with me, uh group chat very active. If you come in and you're already over a million a month or if you get to a million a month while you're in the group, we have a million dollar a month exclusive chat full of those verified earners. Um lastly, we also include a big course library, 35 plus SOPs, Jeremy AI access. It's a very good program. Again, if you're rich trying to get a hell of a lot richer. We have our upcoming annual update of Master Internet Marketing, our 7-week live class where we go through one topic per week for 7 weeks in a row. We give you a homework library and a 3-5 hour live class per week. Absolutely phenomenal and extremely dense with value. Would really love to see you become a part of that or put your team through that if you're looking for all things digital marketing. And my newest and most cost-effective offer that I've got is Jeremy AI. Jeremy AI is a clone of me trained on all my one-on-one calls, my weekly group calls, my SOPs, all of my course videos, every DM, voice note I've ever sent data that you'd literally never be able to buy, training data that we've used to make a clone of me. And of course, the tip of the iceberg, the publicly available data like my videos here on YouTube, my tweets, my blogs, etc. So, all three of those are down in the description. We'd love for you to take action on that and at the very least, subscribe to the channel and make sure that you do the most important thing of all, go get richer. Talk soon.