# Watch Me Give A Room Of 50+ Entrepreneurs My Top $1M/Month Lessons
# video_id: uXZbuxfjxsQ | views: 10000 | duration_min: 106
# url: https://youtu.be/uXZbuxfjxsQ

You know, this most recent period of time in this last 30 days, I was just shocked, just shy about money. I need reasons to sacrifice, to be uncomfortable, to take the risks to go to that next leg up. I've had periods of times where I honestly believe I probably shaved off about 5 years of my life. >> When you're at 50K, when you got to that point and then you dug deeper into your why, what made you want to reach that? gave him a trophy a while back. Congrats on being here, Daniel. It's good to see you're sharing your wisdom. Um, all right. I want you to do me a quick favor. Sit down if you're making less than 50k a month. Okay. Uh, if you're making less than 100k a month, sit down. All right. Less than 250k a month, sit down. Nice. Less than 500k a month, sit down. Okay, cool. All right, everybody else can sit down. Thank you. Helps me adjust my talk to the room. All right, so without further ado, uh just recently I turned 32 years old. It was a couple days ago I did a little [ __ ] trip. I went to the Blue Ridge Mountains in beautiful North Carolina and I spent some time out there just reflecting and enjoying my time here on Earth. Uh I didn't work that much, which is a rare thing for me. and I tried to reflect on what's really made the most impact for me over the years. I wanted to come back, hit the ground running for tomorrow with my team and myself and really do a lot more than what we've been able to do and we've been able to do quite a bit. Um, in that reflection, I knew I had this talk coming up here with you guys for our inner circle member Evan and I wanted to drop some serious game on you guys from some of the things that I feel like have made the most impact above all else. Does that sound good? I couldn't hear you that well. Does that sound good? >> All right. Very good. Let's get started with this first one here. So, I felt like probably at this point two years ago, I had given a talk at one of my masterminds on this concept called reasons. And this is my number one thing I want to lead with while you're likely fresh and capable of understanding me the most because it's one of the things that has the most impact compared to almost anything else I could sit here and talk with you about today. And this is a very simple concept, okay? You have to have substantial reasons. Is anybody here familiar with Jim Ran? Do me a favor. Raise your hand if you know who Jim Ran is. Jim Ran's an old guy. There's a talk from the 1980s. You can look up on YouTube from him. He has a little green chalkboard behind him and he's in a gray suit if you choose to watch this and find it. It's a little over two hours. And in that talk, he introduced a concept from one of his one of his mentors named Mr. Sh. And he said, you know, Jim, you got to have substantial reasons in life, otherwise nothing's ever going to happen for you. And he said, the bigger the reasons are, the bigger the actions have to be to support those reasons coming true and fulfilling on the things that you actually want to go out there and do in life. Time and time again, as you speed through life, you get caught up with reasons that may not even be your own. You get caught up in things that don't actually have substantial impact for you. And most importantly, you get caught up in perpetuating reasons that need to be fulfilled that are generally a lot smaller than what your goals would otherwise actually need you to go out there and do. Let me be really clear on this for what I mean. You know, when I very first got started, it was u a little over a decade ago. As a matter of fact, it's been quite a while. I was about 20 years old and I just wanted to make more money. That was the only real reason I had just make some more money. How much money y'all think I made with that reason? >> Put a number to it. >> Yeah, just about. Yeah. Success here is right in the first 45 days of me starting my marketing agency back in the day. I made about 50 grand. So I got up 50 grand a month in about the first 45 days. This all my life at the time compelled me to need. If I don't need the extra dollars, what am I going to take the necessary actions and sacrifice for to get those extra dollars? You understand that my life only needed about 50k a month? You know, in this most recent period of time, in this last 30 days, I was just shy just shy about 2 million bucks a month. says it's a substantial difference, but my reasons about 12 years later look dramatically different compared to what they were, you know, when I was 20. The need for that money, like, let me give you an example. That [ __ ] trip that I was telling you I was on. I was out there and I was looking for a summer home. Does anybody live here in Miami? Yeah. It's real [ __ ] hot in the summertime. I've been here for about 13 years. So, I was about 19 years old. And I accidentally moved here during the summertime back in the day. What a [ __ ] mistake that was. Uh I I didn't have much money at the time. Uh there was a library a couple blocks away from where I lived. I actually moved to the hood and uh I would walk to the library just to use a computer at the time. I didn't have a laptop. Didn't have any money for it. And you know what happened on that walk? Just imagine like a shirt like this. Where do you think my sweat marks were? Right. How bad do you think it was? Try to visualize that on me real quick. Yeah, it was bad. It was nasty. And I thought maybe I'm gonna acclimate to it as time goes on. That never happened. It's still just as hot as it is now as it was back then, if not hotter. I was looking for a summer home. Anybody want to guess how much a summer home is on a nice lake in the Blue Ridge Mountains? >> I wish it was a million bucks. It sure feels like it should be. The house I was looking at was built in the 1970s. This lake itself was man-made in the early 1900s. The cheapest house on the lake, which was essentially a tear down, was about $2 million. Okay, anybody familiar with how much it cost to build a house? How much? Say a dollar value. Don't raise your hand and then [ __ ] sit there. Say a number. Huh? >> Oh my god. What kind of people you got here, Evan? All right. Well, long story short, here's how much it came out to is actually pretty substantial. So, so a second home ran me about $3 to4 million. Okay, that's a second home. Anybody want to guess how much the first home costs? >> Now, I think buying a home's pretty I'll be honest with you. I think that renting is way smarter, especially in a city like Miami. But I'll tell you, it's a real kick in the butt looking in hindsight because we had CO occur and Miami's real estate damn near about quadrupled, if not some larger than that. I saw a stat the other day. Somebody had bought a house on the water that was like $6 million. They sold it for $55 million and they didn't change a damn thing. Real sad. But nonetheless, a first home around here, I was just looking again this weekend was going to run me about $2.4 million. That's going to be out of pocket, maybe about 400k, and then the rest is going to be a mortgage. From there, I got to tear it down cuz it's a piece of [ __ ] And this little guy was showing me a house he bought in 2005 that he raised his family in with all the pride in the world. And I'm walking around it like the ceilings are this far above my head, buddy. I'm tearing this [ __ ] down if I buy this thing. I'm not going to tell this man that this is family home. But just just to buy it, just to buy a piece of land, $2.4 million right now. Thankfully, my mother-in-law and father-in-law, they run an architect firm and a construction company. Some have at cost labor and materials. It's going to cost me about another $2 million liquid cash to be able to build that next home. Now, I say all this to you not to flex in any way, shape, or form. If anything, again, this is a use of money. It's the opposite of a flex. This is actually really important you understand this. I'm going to have five children. I got one on the way here later this year. I want you to understand something loud and clear for me. The reasons, just like little numbers like these are what compel me nowadays to go make substantially more money than what I otherwise would when I was only 20 years old, lived in an apartment, was single, and just quit my job where I was only making 10K a month. I'd 5x my income then. That felt like a lot. Nowadays, I actually feel like I didn't make nearly enough last month being just shy of two million bucks a month. You understand the perceptual difference that does in terms of my labor and my sacrifice I'll now go take the risk level I'll take in these next coming months in an attempt to get a fuckload richer. You understand the differences? So, I start this talk off by telling you you need some kind of big reason. I'm talking about things like this. Do any of you in here genuinely believe that you have a mission? Raise your hand if you think you do. Besides the kid in the green sweater, everybody else can raise your hand. I just [ __ ] with you, buddy. You can continue to participate. All right. So, one of the big reasons is a god- driven purpose. So, you know, once you actually align yourself to some kind of relationship spiritually to whatever the hell you believe in, you'll generally feel compelled to go far beyond yourself, and you'll feel like you have something bigger than you to go out there and do it for. Does that make sense to you? Do me a favor. Clap once if that makes sense to you. Very good. God- driven purpose is necessary. Love can be another great one. You know, I've had I'd say a few good loves in my life. The most radiating of which is my wife. Now, my wife, she's absolutely incredible woman, but she is not one of those women that doesn't cost money. She's one of those women that does cost money. Now, as a result of that, what I mean is is she was making a couple hundred grand a month when she was in her career. Now, thank God she doesn't require me to pay her a couple hundred grand a month to quit her job and be a mom, but she caught about 20k a month on payroll in order to comfortably quit. 20K a month in payroll. You guys tell me, are you comfortably swinging that for your wife in order to get her to quit her job and spend time fully with your child that's going to be born later this year, right? It's like to me, I don't even notice when it comes out of the account, right? That's a big reason to try to get you in a better financial position because when you have small reasons, you capitulate on everything. You don't need to go and do what you need to do because there's nothing to go do it for. Right now, as surface level as some of this sounds, I want to be really clear when I say this. I love buying stuff. You could name damn near anything. A car, a watch, material goods of whatever kind. Finishes in those houses I was talking about. I'm gonna buy the nicest of stuff that I can afford. You know why? Because I'm not oblivious to the fact that money is what makes every one of those decisions. The amount of money I comfortably have to purchase the things I purchase is what actually dictates what I purchase and what I do not. And so therefore, I'm very clear with myself. I'm very aligned to the fact that what I get to do is solely defined by how much I went out and made, how much I was able to keep, how much leverage I was able to accumulate, the relationships I was able to get along the way. 100% of those things dictate my life and what's actually real in the physical world. You understand that? So therefore, when I'm tapped into that reason and I'm aligned to it, I'm going to go out and make a fuckload of money because that's a big reason. I'm very clear that my life is limited by the amount of money I do or do not make. That in itself is a huge reason for me. You understand where I'm going with this? Now, I want you to understand what we're doing here. We're creating a little matrix, right? Like instead of just one thing, there's a fuckload of things. And those things aren't small things. They're big things that I stand right in the middle of. This is little Jeremy right here. Now, instead of just one thing, and really understand the difference, I want you to try to have some awareness with me real quick. How many one things do you actually got that you would say truly compel you to do what you do? And does it feel little and outdated at this point? Or does it feel quite significant to you by direct comparison? And how many of them are there? Try take a moment, take about 15 seconds, really think about it in silence. What'd you come up with? Curly head kid. What you got? >> Mom, dad, future family. >> Mom, dad, and future family. Now all that's in the future. What about right now? You think that second house is getting cheaper? I could put that in the future if I wanted to, right? Does it feel better there? >> Why does it feel better there? because it doesn't abruptly change my reality right now, right? If I want to actually have some reasons to seriously compel me, they have to weigh on me now instead of later. I can't put my reasons into the future. You understand? All right, give me another one. Man right here in the uh button-d down white shirt. Yeah, that's you, buddy. Very good, sir. Now, does that compel you to take the necessary sacrifices and risks in your day-to-day to go bigger or what does that what does that mean to you? >> Very good. Is this your son next to you? >> Nice. What's your name, young man? >> Nice to meet you. I'm Jeremy. How do you look at your dad when he says that? What do you think about what he said? Talk a little louder for me, man. Good. Now, to be clear, I assume you're doing some of what you just said for your young man there. True or false? Talking to the father now. I assume that you're doing what you're doing and what you said for your kid. Is that true or false? >> Is anything at this point in your life for yourself? >> Now, I want you to just understand me real quick. not selfishly benefiting you in any way, shape, or form. Do you think you'll go as big as you otherwise would? >> Yeah. Do you think that if you completely released yourself, like you just said, do you think you'd actually go as hard as you could if you peppered in some selfish reasons in there, too? Yeah. >> Very good. So, you found reasons that work for you. >> Very good. Have you tried combining the two? >> I'm going to tell you a quick story. Here's a guy in my inner circle program. His name is Stephan. Now, Stephan, he makes a little over $20 million a year. And that's when he joined into my group. He's much older than me. He's probably his late 40s. He much richer than me too by a little bit to be fair nowadays. But at the time he joined much richer than me. Now to be clear, he has all that stuff too you talked about that made you crash. He's got a big family as well. I think he's got at least three children. He moved out of Miami. He moved a little further north in South Florida to try to get away from the chaos in his words. And then he just didn't do anything. He was doing everything though for his family, for his kids, for God. But he completely released his selfish sense and he actually stalled out in doing that. But it got him, to be fair, to about 20 million a year. So I don't know where you're at right now. Maybe that set of reasons that you're tapped into now will work great for you for that next leg up. But I want to be really clear in this set of reasons I'm talking to you about here. I want you to look at this last one, which is self-actualization. Now, you're essentially on the pursuit of this, whether you're self-aware of it or not. This is the expansion of self into a bigger being than you are now. This is expanding into our potential. In your words, when I stand in front of God, I don't want him to be disappointed in me. I want to feel like I actually was my fullest self while I was here on earth helping him. But where are you in all this is also the question. Do you have any selfish needs that could also be fulfilled along that same thing. It doesn't have to be material stuff. It could be things like your children, expand your family, charitable donations, empathetical reasons. Here's my point. You need a stack of a bunch of them, right? Do you have more than one kid? All right. Now, that's three solid reasons, right? You got wife, got another fourth good reason. You got God. I mean, I don't know how many reasons that equates to, but I'm sure more than just five. To be fair, you got matrix of reasons. You understand? Listen to what this man said, who's older than most of y'all in this room by a rather significant amount. Not calling you old. Everybody calls me uncunk nowadays. Here's my point. Listen to what he said. The material stuff only got him so far and then he crashed. Right? Notice what I did here. Are there anything in my big reasons that just say like another Urus, right? Or another watch, right? Because those things are great and they'll help you become whatever you think you need to be, but those are like items in a video game. It's just like a skin doesn't do much for you than that after you purchase it. You have to have something way bigger than you in most instances that truly compels you to the next level. Those things when I sat there on my trip were the things that had the per the most profound drive for me. There's a big reason I want to summarize this before we continue on, which is this. I need reasons to sacrifice, to be uncomfortable, to take the risks to go to that next leg up. You understand? If we don't have those, we just stall out. We don't do anything. You understand? Now, to be clear, you can [ __ ] off at any point you want. You can stall out and you can level out. You can do that. No doubt about it. But remember, even to [ __ ] off in the Blue Ridge Mountains nowadays cost about 4 million bucks, right? All right, here's number two. So number two for us is you built your life, you can change it, too. A lot of people feel like they get stuck in whatever circumstances they find themselves in. And it's for a very simple reason. They act like they lost the ability to control what they're experiencing to influence the life and the business that they have. Let me be clear on this. You made up the pricing that you charge. You made up who you worked with and who you didn't work with, right? You made up the people that you work with on your team. You made up how you think when you wake up. You made up what you tolerate and what you allow, right? You made it all up. And you get to you get the permission whenever you want to change any of it at any singular point. Like this exact moment could be the moment for you where you finally snap out of it and just do something different than what you've been doing. You understand this? Now this comes in many ways, shapes, and forms, right? Somebody I think you guys literally just learned from him. Cam, are you here? Cam, stand up for me. Show the people yourself again. Yeah. Now, now you guys just saw this guy. I'm going to impress you about an hour ago. Now, Cam, you made a pretty substantial change to your entire life recently. Your entire business really. You're like a whole new man standing before us today. I remember Cam who joined into my offer, my Jeremy's inner circle offer. Cam was like a young boy at the time, but he's the same. He looked the exact same as he does now. He just stands different, talks different, walks different, and has a completely different offer. How long was that? >> When I joined, >> so less than a year, you essentially radicalized your whole life. Everything about your business is essentially different. How much more money you make doing that? So you went from what to what? >> So you went from 200k a month to 700k a month and essentially changing yourself, changing your business, changing what you allow. Now Cam, when you first got started in that group, what was my number one gripe about you? >> Well, Cam would get caught in the weeds for sure. No doubt about it. You know what else Cam would do? He'd clutch for dear [ __ ] life onto what he was doing. He just refused to let it go. Why do you think he clutched for dear life, Kim? >> Explain that for the people who don't understand what that means. >> As the analogy you gave the event a few weeks ago, I was clinging on to a line that was swinging in the wrong direction. I was too afraid to let go of what was certain something. >> Very good. The idea and what he said in a simpler way of saying it is what you know and what you're familiar with is safer to continue behaving through what you got to do next and who you got to risk dropping to become that next version of yourself is what's scary because it's unknown. Every part of it is unknown. You don't know what kind of results it's going to get you. You don't know what kind of relationships it's going to cause friction with. You don't know [ __ ] about [ __ ] as one of my assistants likes to say, in regards to who you're gonna become next because it's all new to you. Does that make sense? The only thing you have is essentially the idea that who you need to become next is going to serve you better than who you are now. That ability to detach is what's going to move you forward and propel you. That's a big set of risks. He didn't just make one offer change, by the way. He did like two offer changes, a funnel change. He essentially evolved his identity at the same time. There's a pretty dramatic amount of stuff you let go and would attach to. But it took several months of just calling Cam pretty much with simpler words. I was like, Cam, look at your behavior. Like he's running a call funnel for an offer that wasn't working. I kept telling him, I'm like, do webinars. Do webinars. Took I don't know 3 months for you to do that just to do one thing like a webinar. I didn't tell him to stop doing what he was doing. I just said do this too and see if it works. You know what he would do? He'd ask a bunch of small, tiny questions about the old thing. He wouldn't ask questions about the new thing that he needed to do. It was after three full months of stalling before he finally evolved from making the uncomfortable choice. You understand what I'm saying? Clap point once for me if you understand what I'm saying. [applause] Very good. Let's continue on. So, your income and your bank balance, these are both in direct proportion to your skill set that you currently have. They're a representation and a reflection of how good you are right now in the market. Okay? My income proportionately went up a lot as I put new skills into my repertoire, into my inventory of [ __ ] I could do. Okay? It's as simple as that. If you are currently in a position where you feel like you're contracted, you feel like you should have more, you feel like you should be going faster, you feel like there should be more progress visible to you, that's a representation that you need a skill update. It's like running on old software. Imagine somebody, you ever approach an occasional computer in your lifetime? Some of these computers, by the way, they're not even called computers. They call them terminals. They run some super [ __ ] outdated software on it like Windows Vista 98, right? It's like that doesn't make any sense to run nowadays, but people still do it. In that little small town I was in, there was a guy the most jolly fell you could meet. I'd think he'd play Santa Claus every Christmas if I didn't know better. He served ice cream and coffee was the two things he served. My wife, again, pregnant lady, you'd be amazed the [ __ ] that she eats. It's unbelievable. But uh one of the things she was addicted to this whole trip was some coffee. Now that guy, every time we walked in that place, he was just the nicest guy you could ever meet. And I tipped him $5. Okay. The next day we came in for coffee. He was acting like I gave him a million dollars. He was like, "Man, I can't, man. Thank you so much." I was like, "What?" He's like, "You tipped me. You tipped me, dog. I have to pay like the guys outside to park, you know? I have to like when I go somewhere, wherever I go, it's like $100 to leave the house and just go somewhere once. $5 is what you're tripping out about. And he was like, "Yeah, I'm so grateful, man. Nobody ever tips me." And I just thought to myself, I'm like, man, this guy's tripping over $5, right? Holy [ __ ] that must have significance for him. What's $5 even by? [ __ ] If I know I can't think of a single thing that costs $5 nowadays. Can you really think about it? What costs $5? A bag of chips cost $5? Yeah, we got fact check. Wow, we're in trouble. Well, anyway, here's my point. That guy serving coffee and ice cream. Is that an in- demand highpaying skill? Right? It's like, well, Cam's income went up a couple hundred grand because he updated his skills. He aligned himself to all this AI [ __ ] going on nowadays. Cam got really good. He was on the cutting edge of agents specifically. Now, I want to be really clear when I say this. Soon as Cam updated his skill set, what happened to his income and bank balance? Why? You think that's coincidental? You think it's just because he had a new offer? No, he updated his skills. That's what he did. And because of the skills that he upgraded himself into, he augmented his ability to dramatically change his income and bank balance as a result. You understand this? Don't over complicate this one. It's quite simple. All right. Here's the fourth one. You want to stay tapped into reality. There's a tremendous book for anybody who reads. It's called Vital Lies and Simple Truths. It's written by an author named Daniel Goldman who also wrote Emotional Intelligence, Emotional Intelligence 2.0 and Focus. tremendous books. Now, Vitalizing Simple Truths in the first few pages of the book, it has you open it up and there's a little X and I believe a circle and it just has you, the author instruction, he says, "Move this book back and forth until that little X goes away." And what he does is he shows you, he reveals to you that in your actual real life vision, you can make something that you know is there disappear and literally not exist. like you couldn't process that it was there anymore at a certain distance from your eyes. Now, he demonstrates throughout the rest of the book that pain, mainly pain, manipulates our reality through simple lies that we tell ourselves. We lie by lie by lie move out of reality and into a world that we make up we're participating in. The downside of doing this, when we take an action in this madeup world, do you think you get reality based progress? Not a [ __ ] inch of progress happens in your liebased world. So when I participate in a facade, when I participate in an illusion that I created through lying, am I going to make any progress? Not an ounce, not an inch forward. because it's a madeup world. Now, reality can be quite painful at different times in your life. Okay? It could be chalk full of pain. The business you're running, the offer you're running, the feedback you're getting from customers, you could be getting absolutely cooked. And your ability to stay close to that pain is what's going to keep you in reality where actual progress is made. Time and time again when I reflect on my life, when I reflect on my top clients lives, man, they've endured some dramatic pain in order to get to where they are in their life and to make the changes they've made that have actually worked. I want to bring you to self-awareness real quick. If you feel like you've been taking a dramatic amount of aggressive action and it hasn't been working, are you in reality or are you potentially in one of those madeup lie matrixes? Does that make sense to you? All right. All right. Very good. All right. Fifth one. I get people all the time that try to project these nasty views they've got onto the world. I have a good saying. I like to say that skepticism and pessimism will destroy your life faster than almost anything else. However, on the other hand, the exact opposite end of the spectrum is being irrationally optimistic. This simply means that as we look towards anything, no matter what it is, that we find the upside in that thing, that we find how we can make it as good as we can possibly get it, no matter how [ __ ] up it may be. And by doing this, we keep ourselves in a position where we seek positive outcomes. It quite literally wires our brain to consistently look in the right good direction. There's always and and there's a good quote nowadays. I don't know who the [ __ ] came up with it, but it's the never doomed quote. This is powerful applied to how you actually behave on a day-to-day basis. Okay? There's so much upside in every single thing that we do. But yet, most of us become irrationally pessimistic and we think to ourselves, what's the worst case scenario? How [ __ ] up could it get if I take this risk? Like, what's going to happen to all my money? Right? And very rarely in those same weights in our decisions when we're considering to do or do not do something do we ask ourselves what's the upside how good could it get and how can I influence in that direction. It's good to think in both ways strategically. However, you consistently want to bias towards the optimistic side of the equation. You guys feel me? Let me hear it if you feel me on that one. >> Very good. All right. Next one. Try to work through these for you guys. I think I got 10 all together for you. Number six, we want to work with the best people. Okay, now this comes down to a few things. The best people are mainly money driven undoubtedly because again, money's in all things. It makes all our decisions. It determines everything we do and do not do. They also care about the mission and also care about personal growth. I can't tell you with enough emphasis how important this one is. Shitty people will take years off your life. Like literally, you'll die sooner from working with the wrong people. You'll be stressed. You won't be making real progress. You won't be getting really anything done. And meanwhile, on the exact same planet as you at the exact same time, maybe an exact competitor of yours, they're making light years of progress. And it's probably because they're working with far better people than you. There's people who want to work for you that want to earn what most of y'all here in this room make right now gross. I got a sales guy. This last month he made $117,000. His best month was $130 something,000. You know, my marketing helper in here, Jay, make $20,000 a month working with me. Jay, when you first started working with me, how much you make? You make 4K a month when you started working with me. I got Jay at Aston Martin. I got Jay to move out of a Eastern Washington city. Not the not the capital of the state. Anybody know what Eastern Washington looks like? Jay, is it nice? It's not very nice. Right. And now here's my point. Miami is obviously far superior to him. Now I want you to imagine Jay's a young man. Look at Jay right here. Cameraman with the backwards head. You see him? He's all shy. Don't worry about that. Now imagine he's a young man. You think Jay wants himself a nice wife? What kind of woman you think are in Eastern Washington? Do you think it's good or bad? >> It's bad. Yeah. In his own words, it's bad. Now Jay got himself a nice little Russian girl recently. You think he's going to find himself a nice little Russian girl anywhere but Miami, Florida? May be in Russia. But that happened here in this city in this incredible dating pool he's got access to now. His quality of life went up dramatically. Jay, you think you've grown as a person working with me? Hell yeah. And Jay loves our mission. >> There you go. So, here's the moral of the story. The best people, they do a lot more than just a single role. The best people will be your friends. The best people won't hold you back. You know this [ __ ] right here? Stand up for me. Let the people see you. You know what this man said to me? Say it loud for him. >> So this guy watched my YouTube videos. He made an extra $475,000 this month. You know what I then asked him? I said, "Dude, what'd you buy from me? How you didn't buy shit?" I didn't say, "What the [ __ ] you doing?" He then says something about having what' you say this this best people analogy. This man only watches me through YouTube. You ever had a face tof face interaction with me before? Now, this level of accountability that I'm giving to you right now, do you think you get that through a [ __ ] YouTube video? >> Now, I want you to understand this. I don't say this pretentiously. I consider myself one of the best people. I prideelves on being a true A player. I pride my team on them being true A players. I want you to understand something real simple for me. Is that a mistake in his decision-m? him blaming somebody else. Is that a mistake in his decision-m? Now, listen to me loud and clear cuz I'll just say this to close this man today cuz honestly, we probably wouldn't accept him with that kind of behavior he's portraying. I got 250 people in that group. Holy [ __ ] You know, you know what I want? I want the best people. This includes my customer base. You know, I've had some real [ __ ] losers that have bought from me over the years. You know what I've done with them? Kick them out or drop them. You know why? Because working with the best people in your life will make you feel purpose driven. Would you rather see results in the people you work with or would you rather just have a bunch of anchors that you leverage yourself into? I'm going to tell you point blank time and time again, no matter what area you look at in your life, it could be your [ __ ] maids. It could be the people who do your laundry. It could be the people that are your customers. It could be the people that you get to meet. you know, come up to me and talk to me about something I don't want to hear about. You know what I'm going to tell you? I'm gonna say, "I don't give a [ __ ] what you're talking about." And I'm gonna leave the conversation. That's how diligent I am about making sure that I'm working with the best folks at all times because the best folks, they're exactly how you think they are. They're actionoriented. They're irrationally optimistic. They'll hold you accountable to being your best self. They wouldn't ever let you do something like blame somebody else when it's clearly your fault. They wouldn't ever let you in any way, shape, or form fall below your highest self. They're the kind of people that ask you when you talk about your goals. You know, I've had a recent weight loss journey I've gone on, and in that process, I've had a tremendous amount of great people come up to me, "Hey, man, you're looking good. You should try this or that." I had a guy come over to my office. He put these [ __ ] needles in my neck like this long and was tell he's electrocuting me and telling me something about how it releases my fashca and it'll make my migraines go away. Like, dude, that's a good [ __ ] person just going out of his way. I didn't pay him for that. He just wanted to see me be better and do better. You understand? We've had guys come to the office after I've talked about this whole fitness journey that have I've never met a day in my life that when they come to my office, we had a guy the other day, he works on the NFL teams here in good old South Florida, specifically Tampa and Miami, and this random [ __ ] dude, jacked as [ __ ] shows up to my office and does an entire threehour workout with me and teaches my trainer how to do it just cuz he's gotten some good progress off my free stuff I put out there. That's a [ __ ] great person, is it not? I want you to think about this. Every person in your life can be that level of person if you portray to the world what you want to see back. You understand? Be the best person and you attract the best people. But understand this, and I mean this literally, these things are also typically what attract the best people. You understand? The best people make or break everything for you. The worst people in your life, they hold you back and they make you question everything. All right. Seven. The art of detachment. Now, I want you to know something again. You know, surprisingly to me, as I say this out loud, I guess a self-awareness moment. I'm kind of thinking here. Almost everything I say nowadays can definitely be warped as pretentious, but I don't say it that way. This is a $400,000 watch. Okay. Now, this watch, I want to be clear. I love this watch. Okay. This is a AP. It's a black ceramic. It's a It's a skeleton dial. Mean, you can see through it. All the little mechanisms. And it's a perpetual calendar. You don't have to change it until the year 2100 supposedly. Now, I don't give a [ __ ] about any of that to be honest with you. I care about the status of it. And I just honestly I like it. I wear black a lot. I think it's cool. Okay. Now, I'm buying those two houses I just talked about. Okay. I make more than enough money just to throw cash into the houses. But again, listen to what I said. said, "I think buying houses is I think it's a silly use of money." You know what else is a silly use of money? Buying $400,000 watches. Right now, check this out. I could sell this watch and make a little bit of money on it. I'd have gotten paid for wearing it and I could take that money and I could put it towards house number one or house number two. Does that sound like a better use of the money? Now, keep in mind, I love the watch. I like how it makes me feel when I put it on. I like showing it to people. I like reflecting on the man I had to become to even buy it. But at the same time, I don't give a [ __ ] about the watch cuz I practice the art of detachment. And I'm willing to do things that are more wise comparatively to dumb. You understand? I ask you a simple question in terms of self-awareness. What are you likely to attach to? It's a good story. Listen to this one, boys. It's a monkey that wanted a nut and it's in a stump, right? So, picture a monkey reaching into a stump and it grabs the nut and then his hand is in a fist snap. Well, that little that little monkey, it could fit its hand into the stump like this. It was a tight hole. And when it grabbed the nut, just it just can't get the [ __ ] hand out cuz, you know, it's a fist now. The monkey. Where do the monkeys live? >> They live in the jungle. What else lives in the jungle? >> There's a big tiger coming. All the monkeys got to do. It's a nut. It's one nut. What's the monkey got to do? Say it out loud. >> Say it louder. >> That's it. That's all it's got to do. But this selfish little monkey couldn't let go of the nut. And the tiger gets closer and the monkeyy's more fearful. And the monkeyy's getting scared. The monkeyy's literally going to die. All it has to do is let go of the net. Can't [ __ ] let it go. What happens to the monkey? That monkey dies cuz it couldn't let go. Right now, let's put that back into reality for us, okay? Instead of monkeys and tigers. Let's say I needed 400 grand for some kind of risk, but I just couldn't let go of a watch cuz I love it too much. How is that? I'm going to get eaten by the financial tiger. You understand? What are you two attached to that currently has you facing imminent debt or at the very least a downgrade? It's profound when you actually put some thought into that. All right. There's also something called sacrificial windows of suffering that I reflected very positively on. You know, there are periods of times in my life where I can't imagine being able to wake up and look at a beautiful lake, take a little uh pontoon boat and just go and look at rich people houses uh and not have to worry about what's going on on my phone, you know, not having to think about what my staff's doing or not doing, being all anxious about whether I'm going to get hit up by some clients for some random [ __ ] And instead, that was actually the exact opposite of what occurred while I was on this trip. Didn't really have to look at my phone at all. I got two calls while I was there and I had them scheduled. I was okay with taking them. I didn't feel a lick of anxiety, which was great. You know why? Cuz during the necessary periods of times in my life, I went through the sacrificial windows. I pushed straight through the pain. I endured all necessary periods of times in my life. and I'll endure the next ones, too. That'll require more of me than who I am today. I will evolve again just as I have before. I'll go through periods where I work damn near 16 hours a day, maybe longer than that. I've had periods of times where I honestly believe I probably shaved off about 5 years of my life. Now, my wife, she really wants me to start dyeing my hair. I tell her, I'm like, "No, I wear this with I wear this with pride. The people need to see the grace because I'm only 32. You know, I started getting grace I think in my mid20s. Could be from being a vegan, which I don't recommend. But to be fair, that's also from a lot of stress. The suffering windows. Most people will never make the necessary sacrifices in comfort and in the ability to go out and enjoy. Comfort and enjoyment are one of the number one sacrifices that must be made when you want to time warp. Okay? You want to make a quantum leap in your life. That means a fuckload of stuff happens in a short period of time. And that means it's going to require a whole lot more of you if you want to experience the result in a shorter window of time. I have to do more in order to get more in less time. If I do less, I might still get it, but it's going to be over a much broader timeline. I ask you a real simple question here today. What is the sacrifice? Because generally something has to die or at least temporarily be put to death and then later resurrected for you to evolve and make it to the next level. You know, if you study the ancient Mayans, they used to kill stuff in order to make it rain. It was symbolic really. I'm sure they actually believed it to be fair. But here's my point, right? What do you actually believe that must be put to death permanently or temporarily to evolve to the next level of you? I saw a video this morning and uh it's this guy sitting there and he's talking about how he just hired somebody and after he hired him, he gave the man a list of tasks and he said, "What do you want to do first?" And the guy was like, "Let's do this big thing." And then the guy who hired the person said, "All right, let's get to work. And they did that task for the following eight hours. And then the owner asks the new employee who just did all that work with him, "All right, what are we going to do next?" And he said, the employee looked like visibly shocked and confused and was in a state of like, "Huh?" Like we we're going to do more. Like we just did a [ __ ] insane amount of stuff. And what that employee realized in real time while the gears were turning was the idea that they're now in an unknown to them sacrificial window. Sometimes you know it, sometimes you don't. Now I ask you a simple question. That new employee, if they continue to work there, they're going to evolve dramatically. They're going to have a level of work ethic. They're going to accomplish so much more than you could possibly imagine in that period of time working with that man. But that person also has the opportunity to just quit and walk away and maintain their quality of life at another job that's probably not going to work them nearly as hard. Can you understand that? Really think about that. Cuz you could argue, okay, we're all going to die one day. Why not enjoy it? You know, but you guys all know what you're sitting here thinking is, no, I want much more out of life than just stalling where I'm at right now and acting like I'm satisfied with it. And what that's going to require of you is a tremendous level of sacrifice in all kinds of areas of your life. That could be love that you currently have that's taking up too much of your time. That could be something substantial to you like a car you love. That could be something substantial to you just like your quality of life. And again, it's a temporary death of that thing in order to push to the other side after that sacrificial window has been endured. You understand the timeline theory there is that if I do more I'm going to get more in less time and when I officially got it that's when I'm out of that window and that's when I get to choose again because remember all of our life is a choice. Point number two you built your life you can change it too. Soon as I get out of that sacrificial window I can resurrect whatever I want. I can change my life and have it be however I want it to be again. But I have to go through that window in order to get the result and outcome. You understand? There'll be many of these throughout your entrepreneurial lives. And every one of them, in my opinion, have been well worth it and then soon, but it ain't going to be fun. All right, here's the ninth. So, I drew this little graphic for us here to understand this one a little better. I think when you first get started, you're unhappiest and your poorest. Okay? We call that survival. And if you map survival to a timeline of thinking, it's our shortest timeline that we can think with. It's generally a momentto- moment decision that we're making when we're in survival. As we move up the ladder, we think in longer timelines. Eventually, when we align ourselves to the highest the highest possible thing we can align purpose to, which is God, we end up being our happiest or mo most purpose- driven in almost all instances. You can be your most paid or I also want to be fair in saying depending on what kind of purpose you align yourself to, maybe it's like a charitable purpose or an empathetical purpose, something beyond money, you may not actually experience a lot of money. You may have a lot of money flow through you, but you'll actually net out to not do that well. That money that flows through you could be for like charitable causes as an example. I've seen both play out. That's why I put both. Generally, when you think in terms of the highest level of the spectrum, you also get the opportunity to think in lifetimes. Like again, that man right there, you notice how he didn't think about himself at all. He thought about his kids. He's probably thinking about his kids' kids. He's thinking about himself standing in front of God. That is a very very interesting perspective to have at the higher end of the spectrum here. It's typically when people are also their happiest andor most locked in. Does that make sense to you? Now, as you move up from survival, this would be like after you get out of being poor, the very first thing you cover is yourself. You know, the first stuff I went and bought when I was first getting money, remember how I told you in my first 45 days, I went and I made $50,000. What did I go buy first? No. No. Couldn't buy a watch. My goodness, you guys think highly of me. No, I I bought I bought some clothes. I went to Lacost and I bought some polo shirts. That's what I bought. And then I leveled up eventually and I started buying this brand called Y3, which I liked a lot. Japanese designer brand. I didn't buy a car. I remember going to restaurants and not looking at the menu for the first time in terms of price deciding what I was going to buy. These are all very selfish things that I'm sitting here naming that are also very small. They don't really make you that happy. And in hindsight, I wasn't really that well paid at all. I was essentially just a level above being poor. Does that make sense? Now, in terms of my thinking, all that stuff checked. Let's be realistic of what this looks like. The selfish stuff nowadays is like you got yourself an apartment that you probably flex. Uh it's got some kind of purple lights or some [ __ ] like that. You maybe got a car like a like an entry level car like a Huracan or something, you know? Maybe you got yourself a Date Just or like a GMT or something like that and then you're like, I'm ready to peacock. I'm ready to go get some women. I'm ready to get myself a lover. Right? And then when you enter that phase of your life, you start dating and then generally you're you're stretched again. Now you're potentially taking care of another party. You have less time. You're challenged to evolve again. This generally starts making you happy once you actually settle in with somebody and you get out of the dating phase. This generally will also require you to make a little more money so you get a little bit richer. Not a lot, but like a little bit richer. And then from there, you can generally start thinking a little bit into the future depending on how serious the love is. If the love's real serious, you'll think in terms of like life insurance policies, which is years. You'll think in terms of like family and kids. You'll think like, "All right, I need to make this much money over this amount of time so I can be positioned to buy this stuff for my eventual family, which is what unlocks that next level of thinking and expands the timeline, expands the amount of money necessary, and again, generally adds a lot more fulfillment to what you do." Does that make sense to you? Now, I've moved through these phases relatively recently. I'd say a decade ain't that long of a time frame. And moving through that period of time, I'll tell you, and this is really important to understand, I made my most the most money I've made aligning myself with God, I've felt the most fulfilled and most purpose- driven and most excited jumping out of bed every day with that top level reason. I' I'd really argue the top two level reasons, but every level below it has to consistently be checked. Otherwise, you could rapidly move up and down the spectrum here. Imagine being in a relationship as an example that's shaky and doesn't have stability and you kind of move in and out of it literally that would mean that you're moving in and out of these two levels and your money might move with it unknowingly to you. Does that make sense to you? Your happiness is pegged to that. Your time frames that you think with are also pegged to that. Now these things are really important to understand for you because when you actually master this little graph here and you apply it to your life, you won't try to rapidly ascend through it. You'll just be self-aware of where you're at so you can understand what kinds of decisions you're making and go back and expand on those when you moved up the spectrum to the next level. You understand? So if right now, as an example, I'm only in the selfish phase and then I end up getting myself a girlfriend, I may consider proposing to, as an example, I'm going to go back and reodit how I'm thinking about what in time. And I'm also going to think, what do I need to do here to make more money? Because I've got myself a new set of reasons to leverage. Does that make sense to y'all? >> Let me hear it if that makes sense. >> A little louder for me. >> Very good. Now, I'd encourage you all to take a photo of this. This is a this is something that I consider very, very profound for what it does when you're actually aware of it and when you apply it to what you do. And I will say depending on what level of goals you've got, I'm not trying to demonize when you get to the top making a little bit of money. I'm obviously all for trying to encourage you to make as much as you possibly can in your lifetime. But I will tell you this point blank, you could get to the top and end up making less money depending on who you are as a person when you finally get to the top. Does that make sense? Don't demonize that version of you if and when you experience it. All right, last one. We'll wrap it up with this. So, I'm very transparent about all things that I do because I have people that followed me and that seek advice from me and that look at me in ways where I want some kind of improvementoriented advice from you. And I tell you this at point blank as I can. When you are going to take advice from a person, you want to make sure that you actually audit the entirety of what kind of results they experience in their life. How's their life actually look? Right? Who do you actually want to become? It's not just one part of you. It's not like most of y'all from what I've seen here in a few photos I've been sent have been like very technical business lessons, okay, about how to do this or that, which is great. We need those kinds of things. But I ask you this, when you look at that advice, maybe that advice requires you to work like 14 hours a day, learn a brand new skill, and then still end up a [ __ ] loser. You know, some advice that you look at, you have to really assess who's giving the advice, right? So in my life, I'll give you a perfect example. It's like I've got stuff. That's I got a nice big house. I second wheel house in the same [ __ ] city. I got all kinds of nice cars. You know, not the fittest of people, but I'm getting fitter. You know, I have a wife. I got a kid on the way. I got a relationship with God. You know, that's about what I've got in terms of stuff, materials, and positioning in life. There have been some incredible people that are some of the richest people I've ever met. They have sold companies, as an example, for nine figures. They have tried to give me advice. They have the most miserable [ __ ] lives. I'll give you a great one. Who in here? Raise your hand. You know, Warren Buffett. Now, I'm not going to talk [ __ ] about one of the richest men on earth, but I'll tell you this. Warren Buffett have the kind of life you want to live. Warren Buffett lives in [ __ ] Nebraska. You ever been to Nebraska? It's a [ __ ] hole, right? Warren Buffett eats McDonald's breakfast every day. It's a couple dollars and he determines which specific order he puts in relative to how the market performed the day before. He drives a older Cadillac. Warren Buffett's old as [ __ ] when he finally got his money. Now, he still ain't spending it, right? Warren Buffett stewards a tremendous amount of capital. Anybody ever seen Warren Buffet's wife talking? Take a photo of her back in her prime and ask yourself, would I want to marry this Warren Buffet? Now, I ask you this. This is really important you understand this cuz again, I'm not trying to sit here and talk [ __ ] about Warren Buffet. Got a lot of respect for the guy, of course. But I want to say this. I sure as [ __ ] wouldn't want to be Warren Buffett cuz I like nice cars, you know? I like like my my wife is a literal supermodel. She is of the utmost hottest woman on planet Earth. She literally to me, of course, the hottest one. I want to be clear. I'm so excited to picture what my little kids going to look like. My kids are going to be gorgeous children. They're going to be tall. They're going to be in an incredible position. They're going to be extremely loved. Now, I'm going to give you a few things just for perspective. My father-in-law and mother-in-law are building a new house right now next to the current house they own that they're going to sell for about 8 to10 million. And they're already building a room in that house for my firstborn daughter, right? They're going to upgrade the yacht that they have. So, they have another room on that yacht for my daughter that doesn't exist. My daughter, whether she wants to be or not, is already a materialistic girl. She's apparently got six pairs of little Louis Vuitton baby shoes. I didn't even know they made those until I had a baby girl on the way. Right. My little baby girl, she got a whole room dedicated in this mansion we live in before she even exists. I changed two cars. I got a bulletproof Cadillac Escalade cuz that's the safest family car I thought about when I considered what is the best and safest car I could purchase for a family. And I changed my little McLaren 750S for a Urus instead cuz I could put a car seat in there and I wouldn't drive as fast. She already has apparently a 10500 Lambo stroller. Like my daughter's going to come out a little materialistic girl. This is a point I'm trying to make to you. That's what my daughter's life's going to look like, right? Don't take any of my advice if you don't think in any way, shape, or form what I just said is in high regard to you. The point I'm trying to make, it's like I have a great quality of life. I spend a wellbalanced day. I don't rush into my office. I got a driver that takes me there in a sprinter van I purchased and I catch up on communication in the back. I don't get to sit there and kick my feet up and watch videos on the TVs. I got to sit there and talk to a bunch of people. I do calls for about four hours on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. The rest of the day, I just work or I spend time with my wife. Very rarely do I just kick my feet back and lounge around. Yesterday, I was in my pool for about an hour and then I went house hunting trying to [ __ ] one of these boomers is trying to rip me of a few million bucks. You know, here's my point, okay? And I can't stress this enough. You are going to get advice from a tremendous amount of people in your life. Family members, friends, people at this very event, people online, and I'll tell you time and time again, one of the number one things you got to do is be able to vet the person that you're getting the actual advice from before you let it go through your senses and hits your brain. Because any advice you get, if it's not filtered with this, is not advice you actually want to allow to influence your psyche and your thoughts. Does that make sense to you? >> Let me hear it if it makes sense to you. >> Yes. >> All right. Very good. That's all I got for you guys. For those of you that again are in any way, shape, or form unfamiliar with me, my name is Jeremy Haynes. I've been an agency owner now for a little over a decade. I have an education company since 2017. I have an office down the road here in Winwood. I've lived here uh since I was 19 years old. I love this city. And uh I simply put, I just help people get richer for a living now. That's my main that's my main bread and butter. And I do it in a bunch of different ways through the agency and through the education company. If you never heard of me, got a tremendous amount of content available on YouTube if you just look me up. I started putting content out recently on Instagram as well. And I got some great stuff that I'm putting out on Twitter, too. I'd encourage you to go check out my YouTube. If you want more practical business stuff, this video will be up there soon enough. I thank y'all very much for your time and attention here today. And I leave you with one very important thing. You must understand how important it is to take at least one of these things that you've learned while you've sat here and do something with it because the people who actually get results in life are the doers and there's ceilings to every level of what you can apply. So, as an example, this man watching my YouTube videos like I just talked about, I'd say in every one of my [ __ ] videos. I withhold about 80 to 90% of what I know and I only talk at the highest level behind my paid programs that I've got. That is a defined ceiling that I'm discussing. You can get some good results with that info, but it has a limitation to it. I ask you a very simple thing here today. Close out with this. Every piece of advice I just gave to you was me reflecting on my own life, my own progress, and some of my clients progress, and simply thinking to myself, what is the most profound [ __ ] that I've applied as lessons that have had the most impact and had very high ceilings to the impact that I've achieved with those lessons. And that's what I've handed down you here today. I've been transparent about how I think. I've been transparent about my life, my lifestyle, and what I choose to do and some of my decision- making behind that advice. And I tell you this very simply, if you align with similar outcomes that you want in your life as to mine, find some ways to apply what I just discussed because these things have been profound for me. They've taken me very high as I've gone on my journey. If you have any questions on any of these things, feel free to either pull me aside and ask or again check out some of my other content because I talk about a lot of this kind of stuff in depth on my channel. Thank you guys very much for hearing me out today. [applause] >> UAL cause I'm not just dealing with like taking a pill when the migraine comes. Does that make sense? So remember the fear is an indication that there's something causing the fear. You want to try to find what that is and attack and strengthen that particular area. You understand? >> Makes total sense. >> Fear is a great thing because again, it's it's essentially like an indication. It's like having a check engine light. You know, when your check engine light comes on, you don't just keep driving. You try to say, "All right, what's what's causing this shit?" That make sense? >> Makes perfect sense. You have any I can tell you're a reader. Any favorite books in that world for the identity, that kind of thinking, >> you know? There's a really good book for self-awareness. It's uh it's called The Owner's Manual for the Brain. I got to tell you, it's like this [ __ ] thick, but it's not one of those like silly books that's written in like biblically small lettering. It's uh it's actually really cool how it's written. It's like this is something going on in your brain. This is like some examples of how it works. This is how to apply it. And then it just goes on to the next section. That's a really good book. There's another one called um called Evolutionary Psychology by David Embus where it's a black book with like a gorilla or a monkey on or something like that. >> Um that book's real good. um a little more ethereal to be fair on some of it, but it gives you like a good indication of some some of like our past predispositions we've had and like why we may still do it now. Does that make sense to you? I I'll give you another good one. Like I don't know a single [ __ ] person in Detroit that's an entrepreneur in my network. And I want to be clear when I say this. You might be operating in isolation up there. And like one lesson from that book, the evolutionary psychology book is like I'll give you a perfect example for self-awareness. Do you feel better in a room like this with people that are similar to you? Yeah. Yeah. And do you notice like literally on like a primal level to a degree how much more maybe capable you feel or how much more like optimistic or real certain things feel for you that while you're up there in that cold rigid [ __ ] place uh you know you're just sitting there thinking the exact opposite in comparison. It's like that's an example of something that's primal in us which is you know back in the day we used to just be in small little tribes and we had very commonly aligned initiatives and interests and when we abandoned those and we became more individualized you know we had an uptick in things like depression fear anxiousness like all kinds of stuff small little pocket communities typically thrive much more and achieve more even if it doesn't have as big of individual outcomes for everybody the point I'm trying to make is very simple >> it's it's as simple as that like becoming aware of those things inside of books like that and taking it and trying to think of how your life is now. I I [ __ ] love books like that. So those two are great for me for I'm sorry >> very like unknown or like little talked about identity things that have the most like profound impact you know. >> Oh yeah, I'll read them. Thank you Jeremy. >> Of course. >> Would you recommend John De Martino? Um you do the this thing the hypnosis right with him? >> I do uh I do Dr. George Pre. I get hypnotized every year. Yeah. >> Sorry, what's again? >> It's Dr. George Pre. He's out in La Hoya, California. Is it P R E T? >> P R A T T. Yeah, I recommend it to everybody. Dr. George is awesome, man. >> Yeah, Dr. George is the best. He um I found out about it a long time ago. He had um Yeah, you're familiar with a guy named Rob Dear Deck. You ever heard of him? >> Yeah. So, Rob Rob had uh Rob grew up in a city that was near mine where I grew up and he had a random like four-minute clip on YouTube from some interview he was doing saying that he attests his entire success to getting hypnotized by Dr. George. And I was like, "Fuck, man. Rob's got results I want." You know, and I just immediately went and I booked a I booked three sessions with Dr. George. They were uh they were over three days. They were 90 minute sessions each day and they were in person with him. And at the time he had his office at the uh is the uh the neurological division in um at the San Diego Scripts Hospital. And now he's just at his house out in La Hoya, which is which a beautiful place. And dude, it's so weird. you have like a little voice like because you're when you listen to me and you think do you do you have like a voice that talks or is it more so a uh like a silent or like visual processing. Thank you. >> There is a voice in my head. >> Yeah. So whenever I go get hypnotized like my voice goes completely away and it's like it's only like proactive thought. I thought that was like a very interesting thing I got out of it. And then um I just go back every year for the placebo of it. At this point I have no idea if it's actually what's causing anything for me or not. I just go anyway. But that's pretty cool. At first, he talks about uh it's kind of like a bait and switch. Like he calls it hypnotism for success, but the first thing he does, he removes trauma from you. And because trauma holds most of us back in ways we can't really see. And then from there in future sessions, he'll ask you, he'll be like, "What's the one trait or characteristic that's missing from you or that you want strengthen that would make all the difference?" And I love that [ __ ] I remember the first time I didn't even know what to ask the guy, but uh yeah. Anyway, it's it's great. I'd definitely go >> because something I noticed for me is that um it's it's the way I speak like it's speech. >> Yeah. >> I've gone through like um speech therapist even during elementary school and all of that. I've just noticed that um for some reason anytime I go through that I would implement what they teach it helps but I would re I would now revert back to my default settings. And I'm like, how do I make those changes a more permanent uh thing? >> I know it might sound weird to you, but that sounds more to me like an identity issue. >> Um, I'm not trying to diminish what you're saying you have as a fault in yourself. But you might just at this point identify that that's a part of who you are. And it's very tough for most people to release like characteristics that don't serve them much more. Cuz to be fair, like I thought you just talked fine. I don't think you talk poorly at all. So I would I wouldn't identify that you have any kind of speech issue, but you do. And as a result of you identifying with that, you will behave however you identify. Does that make sense to you? >> So I I don't identify like that. Like I I don't as I sit up on stage like if somebody's talking to me about something I don't want to talk about, I just tell them. I'm like, "Hey, I don't want to talk to you about that." You know, I'll just tell them. I literally leave the conversation. Um think about that in the context of your identity characteristic you just brought up. Like do you want that as a characteristic? >> No. >> Yeah. So I mean to be clear, do you believe that it's as simple as I can release that characteristic and I won't have it anymore? >> Correct. >> But you have to swap it in for something else, too. You ever seen Indiana Jones? Remember that movie? It's this movie about this like [ __ ] treasure hunter guy? Some it was honestly some crazy [ __ ] But he was he was in a [ __ ] mummy tomb or something like that. He was trying to get this little gold statue and it was up on this thing and he was trying to measure out like the exact weight of sand that might be the weight of that gold cuz he assumed there was some kind of booby trap if he tried to grab it. And when he tried to swap it out, he didn't weigh the sand right. And this giant boulder comes rolling down and almost kills him. When we swap an identity characteristic, it has to be with something that we genuinely believe is the same or better for us than what we just pulled out of it. Otherwise, we revert back or get killed by something that we can't see from removing it. So, hear me out. I'm going to apply this to you because this is very important. When you pull out that identity characteristic from yourself of I got this speech issue, you got to plug it in with something else that you actually believe, right? It can't just be something that you think you should have put in place. It has to be something you believe can actually be the next you. And it has to be better than whatever is currently there. In your mind, you have to believe that that character swap is going to make a profoundly positive difference for you. So, it sticks. And if it doesn't stick, the big rock comes rolling down and you'll get [ __ ] up. That make sense to you? >> Correct. >> Yep. >> Hey Jeremy, I got a quick question. First of all, I just want to say thank you for presentation. Um, and also it was a first time I've seen like a real example of seeing someone give it a high level um like you know foundational things and identity and stuff like that and that's something I've always been passionate about. So I have a question because I have an agency and we work with you know different ads and stuff like that but my vision for myself has always been a lot of what you tell about the identity you know like different fundamental aspects internally and I've worked with some you know some of my friends colleagues I've been able to give him a lot of help so I'm just trying to understand how to be able to cultivate both of those things at the same time cuz obviously you know you want to have the the proof and being able to showcase what you've accomplished, but then also for me the thing that is the clearest in my mind is being a ban of work through those kind of internes and being a bear of those kinds of things. So just you know any type of advice that you've seen over the years out of your like your speech has really resonated with me at from that high level standoint. Now, do you think the things that I just talked about are what make me the most money or any money at all? >> Right. What do you think I do that actually makes me my money? >> I'll be working program inner circle >> running ads still today makes me the most money cuz I do rev shares with people. So, I a little over 10 clients. >> Every time I work with those people month in and month out, we make them a ton of money and they net enough to pay me a little over 100k a month net. Only got two clients that we just recently took on. They're both still on our retainers of like 20K a month. The coaching business does good to be fair. It does like a high couple hundred grand a month nowadays. But still, even that it's like, do you think I'm teaching people [ __ ] like that? And that's specifically what I get to talk about all the time. It's like, no, those are random one-off talks for a room with people that make less money than the people I'm used to talking to. No offense, but to be clear and very direct with you, this is very important you understand this. The things that actually make you the most are driving revenue for the businesses you work with and the people that you work with. Things like this help people get out of their own way to be able to do the things that make them the actual money. Does that make sense? Like some of y'all, you may sit there and listen to all the other talks that are much more like this is something you could go do in your business to make more cash. those talks will now make much more sense to actually apply give or take which one you choose to cherrypick info from and do something in your business with because you've been moved out of your own way as a result of a talk like that. So, it's actually like a balance of both. And my with my clients over the years, I still get to talk to them in ways like this to help educate them on how they need to be because again, they can get in their own way and make silly dumbass decisions, too. Does that make sense? Yeah. >> Uh it's an illusion to think that you'll be able to like transition to some kind of [ __ ] life coach. I make nearly as what you'd be able to make just making people money instead. Remember the proportion of money that you can make other people is the proportion of money you'll get yourself. That make sense? >> The reason I'm well paid is so I can make people a lot of money. That's really all it comes down to. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. 100%. So your branding is still mainly focused on >> getting people richer. Yeah. >> 100%. Thank you. >> Okay. Anybody else got one? I got to run and film some more YouTube videos. >> Question. >> Um, well, first I want to say thank you. Jeremy I is really cool too by the way. I finished that. >> Um, I had a question cuz the same thing that you're kind of talking with Cameron about like leaving the one to go to the next. When do you know that you've kind of like exhausted the majority of your options on that one? Cuz mainly for me it's like the offer and the funnel network kind of been I've been running for the last year and a half or so. >> Yeah. >> Kind of stayed pretty stagnant. Only closing like 10 to 20 deals off of that. Not sure if like okay is it offer thing try test out more things that hit different markets or like find make a pivot. >> It's all kinds of random things it could be to be fair. I'll give you a few of them. So could be the actual offer and the way the offer is currently defined. There's ways that you can tweak that and change that to potentially be more appealing to the existing market. You then got to do something called a bottleneck analysis. You got to be able to ask like all right the funnel type that I'm using, the way that I'm trying to generate my traffic, is there a specific constraint along that process? So, let's use the example that I run traffic to a VSSL call funnel. It's like I've got CPMs, link click-through rate. Hopefully, you don't have an opt-in page. I've got like my application to schedule a completion rate, the drop off rate for how many people are qualified that could have booked that didn't. I got my show rate. Maybe I have a one call close for a two call close. And then I've got to also determine what my numbers are for that. There's always a contraction along the way of some specific part of our funnel. And as an example, if there's multiple points that are contracted, that's multiple things that we have to put our attentions on. We want to put it on the thing that's the most contracted in that example. If I go through a process of like rigorous trial and error of trying to improve everything like that and I'm still seeing terrible results, I may just change funnels. So, as an example with Cam, the first advice I gave him was I was like, "Bro, you're coming across extreme resistance in your in your call funnel right now. Get changed to a webinar, right? A webinar for you would be way better. Like, look at what you're dealing with." All his feedback that he was receiving without going into all of it was very indicative that a webinar would solve all his problems. and mainly came down to his salespeople were just doing terrible with a cold lead that was only doing something like watching part of a VSSL and maybe some of his back-end selling systems he had in place. He needed to do a webinar. It made the most sense to me. It took him, like I said, like three [ __ ] months to finally release his old attachment to that call funnel and what he called sunk cost bias. He spent so much time and effort and iteration cycles trying to improve that. And then eventually finally ran a webinar and bam, dude. Like literally overnight, he was way more profitable than he was. He immediately saw a bump of a couple hundred grand in revenue because of a difference in the funnel type, right? And then to be clear, even though that funnel was successful for him and he was doing good, he chose again to change the offer type because it aligned to something he viewed as like bigger than what he was currently doing. And that ended up being a great decision for him as well. And I'm pretty sure at this point, again, this I might be misspoken at this point. I'm pretty sure he runs both the call funnel and the webinar, but I know for sure he runs his webinar now. So a point I'm trying to make is >> he went through a rigorous trial and error process before abandoning anything, right? And trying to improve that. Then after it became obvious that he needed to change the funnel type, it took him a bit, but he finally did that and then that worked and he could have rode that out and scaled up to be very clear with you. But then again, he chose to make another jump which was the offer. So it's it's all like a very like rational set of of why he would do what at different phases of that journey in in his decision-m. But you know, you have to really reflect on like all that happened to to like lead to those what might seem like simple changes over 10 months. Does that make sense to you? So try try to improve what's going on first, right? And really look at it, like I said, from a bottleneck analysis perspective. What specific step is cooking you? And then from there, consider like based on the feedback you're getting and and potential friction you're still experiencing, difference in funnel type. And then from there, the biggest thing you'll change is the actual offer itself to something like completely different to what you're doing now. The first thing I talked to you about is augmenting the offer, which might just be like something's missing from it that people are seeking. Yeah. >> That you're currently just not selling into that maybe somebody else in your market is. Does that make sense to you? >> That makes sense. Yeah. Currently everything's like very direct to the person who directly needs that thing right now. So obviously broadening up the messaging, making it more appealing to people who are not directly looking for that would be the first thing that like I've been trying to test, but maybe my ad [ __ ] But um >> Well, again, if they're [ __ ] like you could do a bottleneck analysis and you can find out. >> Yeah. But craziest part was I asked the same question to Jeremy A and it gave the exact same answer. >> It works great. [laughter] >> You know why it works great? Because like this exact conversation right now we're recording and long story short we like dude I say this all the time. I say everything I do in a day. So like I have this today. I have probably 20 little shorts I'll film later and I have another YouTube video I'm going back to my office to film. We take all that for today's stuff I documented and we upload it into there. Tomorrow morning it trains on it. You could talk literally about the things I just discussed as early as tomorrow and it'll go over it with you. Sorry about that. And yeah, most people just don't understand it. Like they just trained on like everything that you know doesn't even see the light of day. You know, that's pretty sick. >> Yeah, we're upgrading. By the way, we we have uh we added an agent mode to it and I'm testing it on the inner circle over the last like three-ish weeks and I'm going to roll it out here in this next couple days to you guys. I got a CSM that starts tomorrow. His name is Vic. He'll hit you guys up and he'll make sure that you like he holds your hand and transition you over. But it should be pretty sick. >> Dope, >> man. Thanks for being with us. >> Of course, man. Also, one cool thing I just wanted to mention. I saw the podcast you did with uh Grant uh >> Oh, yeah. >> Grant Grant. >> Yeah, him. >> I was debating on taking my family out to a trip and I was like, "No, that's too much money." All this sort of stuff. As soon as I saw that podcast with you, immediately bought the flights, bought the hotels, everything like that. I was like really afraid to spend money for a [ __ ] for a [ __ ] trip. Yeah. [laughter] >> So, yeah, that was a le >> I always think it's funny when people let money be bigger than them. >> Yeah. >> You know, it's the funniest thing. There's uh there there's a lot of people that do that with all kinds of things. Like this guy next to you could talk to you about that. >> Remember him? What did he make bigger than than [ __ ] money? >> Yeah. It's like, dude, God puts things over money. It's like we had a guy the other day, he's in my inner circle group. He calls me up and he's like, man, I'm being sued. And I was like, what are you being sued for, dude? You're two for two. Thank you. I I I was like, "What are you being sued for?" And he was like, "Oh, dude, this company I used to work for before I quit, I apparently had an agreement with them that says every person from that company that quits and does something else that I recruited, I have like a $50,000 per person penalty." And it accumulated to about $3.4 million that he was going to owe if he lost this lawsuit. And he was in a defeist mindset, you know, he wasn't being irrationally optimistic, whereas I always am. And I talked to him and I'm like, "Dude, what a [ __ ] opportunity." And he's like, "What the [ __ ] you talking about? I'm being sued." And I was like, "No, dude. This is awesome." I was like, "This is only $3.4 million." And he was like, "Only?" And I was like, "Yeah." I was like, "Dude, you're a human being." I was like, "You're telling me you're not bigger than $3.4 million? Like, you can't you can't understand what this kind of opportunity does to you. You can't understand that this is what's going to push you to financially grow and develop? That you can't understand that you likely have been being lazy. And God put this opportunity in front of you to command you to be bigger than you are right now and to grow instead of just sitting on your ass and doing who knows what instead. And when I reflect on his life over the most recent like 6 months and knowing him and I reflect on how he was when I first knew him, he was like extremely ambitious and extremely aggressive and would always go out there and take just an abundant level of action to help get his goals real. And then in the most recent 6 months, it's like I didn't really see much from him in comparison. Now, I don't expect for every action that these these inner circle members make to like be observed by me or like somehow I'd be capable of that. But like that guy, I could see like a lot of visibility in his actions and like the ripple effect of what he was doing. And then all of a sudden, it went quiet. And in reality, why he went quiet was because one instance of this lawsuit for him forced him to like contract and become smaller. And dude, an opportunity to make him bigger was misleveraged by him into making him smaller instead. and he was going to let money be bigger than him. And it's a damn shame when you really think about it that all the potential that we all sit here and have as a unit and as individuals is otherwise wasted when something that feels big to us like some kind of dollar value is placed above our ambition and our potential. Right? Those opportunities, they command us to be bigger and they're commonly misused. So, moral of the story is, dude, take whatever the [ __ ] happening to you and and really look at your life for what it is and just ask yourself the simple question like, how can you leverage it into that next leg up of your journey? You know, how can you use it to become bigger? And in your case, it's just something as simple as a family trip. Sometimes, as you heard in that Grant podcast, it's as simple as like a bag or like a watch or some stupid [ __ ] like that. But dude, I I [ __ ] hate when money feels like it's bigger than me or like like a thing like leather, you know, or like [ __ ] a watch or something is like bigger than me. >> Bigger than me like that. >> Yeah. It's like, dude, are you [ __ ] me? Like a [ __ ] piece of leather and some and some little metal on it is bigger [laughter] than my potential. That's just not going to happen that way, you know? >> So for you, for you, you'd say that a lot of the problems that you think also come into your life are also God placing in front of you to become the next version of yourself. Is that how you go about yourself? >> The most the most recent version of me likes to think that of many things. Yeah. I don't know if that's always the case. I mean, some some I assume are just consequences of my own action, but yeah, if you're if you're observant enough uh and you have like an open relationship with God, you'll see you'll see them in all things pretty much to a degree like problems or different situations they're having. I'm like, this is place in front of me so I can level up on top of this. >> Yeah, 100%. That's the best way to look at it cuz then you'll see how you can exploit that opportunity to make so much more money. Like, dude, I told him I was like, "Bro, you should throw a lawsuit sale." He was like, "What?" I'm like, "Yeah, you should literally go be open about the fact you're getting sued and that you want to work harder and make more money as a result of this and that you're being in a high lever situation and go out there and close more people as a result of it." He ended up actually doing that. He did he did some good cash off that. But yeah, anyway, moral of the story, you have either get defeated by your circumstances and the opportunities that present themselves to you or you use them to leverage yourself in a better circumstances and opportunities. That simple family trip could have been the first of many things. as small and insignificant as it may feel to you now, there'll be bigger stuff that you know time and time again throughout the rest of your life commands you. >> That makes sense. >> Makes awesome. Thank you so much. >> Of course, man. >> Jim, I want to thank you for being accountable. >> Of course, man. >> Yeah. Stop blaming your CFO [laughter] excuse. Honestly, I only asked him two times said it's not the right time, but you know, I can still join the program. I'd pay for it myself if >> Yeah, man. Oh, look. Do what everybody does and just go apply through the uh Have you ever applied for it? Cuz we let people apply once and then it denies the application. >> Place capital on company. But >> say it again. >> We're going to apply through our company as a whole. >> Yeah. >> I guess I'll apply for myself. >> I understand. Um well, look, long story short, you where do you follow me on or where do you where do you try to communicate with me? >> Instagram. >> Cool. Just shoot me a DM. They'll uh I'll either see it or my little setter name AG will see it and they'll just send you the link to it. It's it's just the inner circle application. just go apply to it and he'll talk to my head of sales, Leo. I'll get you in. Look, at the end of the day, when you blame stuff other than yourself, have you ever have you you ever heard of Jaco? Uh Jaco Willink, I think is his name. The big [ __ ] military dude, dude, if you ever get to meet him, by the way, Joo's got a hand that's like it'll blow your mind. He'll take a photo with you like this. And his [ __ ] hand, dude, is like it's like this big cuz he kills people for a living, you know? It's insane how that man's trained. and he wrote that book um >> extreme >> uh uh what is it? Extreme Ownership. >> Extreme Ownership. And in the in the extreme there's another good one too he's got called uh Freedom Over Discipline or something like that. It's a black book with like black lettering on and both those book he says essentially the same thing which is when we blame ourselves we can see the accountability of how we can actually do stuff. And as simple as simple as it is when you when you blame other people instead of just saying it like look I'm just a person. You're a person. You can't just look me in the eyes and be like hey I made 475k off your free [ __ ] and I didn't buy from you yet. Like you really want to act like your CFO makes the call because now you tell me right here that you can make the call. You understand? Now act like this. How does that leech into every other area of what you do in your decision-m power? >> That's what I'm saying. It's like it takes everything that you could do to influence yourself in a better circumstances and it puts it onto other people saying something as simple as yes or no to you, right? which is good relative to the decision, but really think about what you outsource the decision on that you were told no for. Now, again, I don't say this pretentiously. It's going to sound biased cuz it's my [ __ ] that you're considering buying. But I'll tell you this point blank and really consider this. You made 475 grand in the most recent month in your words from [ __ ] that you watch for me for free. Really think about how silly it is to have somebody else then tell you no for the small little change. If you had 475K, that's less that is less than like 2% of what you just made in the most recent month that you'd give me in dollars to get access to the info that I gave to get access. Literally, you join my group. You can ask anyone. Go ask Evan. Go ask Cam. Go ask any one of those [ __ ] dudes in this month. Take a decision. >> Yeah. Go ask Daniel Fazio, you know? Ask any of these dudes in here that are in that group and they'll tell you the same [ __ ] thing. They'll tell you this man is up in my ass about the things that I claim I want. It's like the same way I'm talking to you now. It's the same way I talk to you once you're on the other side of that [ __ ] border. But I do it all the [ __ ] time. The content on the other side is not held back or barred. And you let something that's less than 2% of what you made in the most recent month be no. We're not going to do that by some dude who probably doesn't even watch my [ __ ] does he? >> See what I mean? It's like really think about that. And again, more importantly than anything else, take it outside of my bias and apply it to every other area of your life, right? Like who else is telling you no? Are you even at this point making any kind of decisions and empowering yourself through blaming you for what happens to you and your business and your team? Because if not, there's a lot of power in that. And those books would serve you well to read. Extreme Ownership and the uh the I can't remember the freedom over discipline or freedom equals discipline or some [ __ ] like that. Anyway, you understand what I'm saying? It's a it's it's it's a profound way. Man, I almost got him a third time. It's a profound way to be able to make real progress. You understand? >> All right. Very good. What is your name? >> Elijah. >> Elijah. Jeremy. >> All right. I got one more boy. I'm going to leave. Anybody else? >> Um, so I do have a question because you now because I remember watching some of the videos I think from 2019 or so when you were with um Andre the cold email guy. Okay. That sold like the email courses. um you now cuz are you then compared to you now? How h have how has your confidence built in? Cuz with me something that I am lacking that I need to work with is confidence and being able to stamp my authority and actually like just speak complete more of myself. >> Hey look, the more results you get in life, the more confident you'll be. You know, certainty comes from you having a profound amount of results, consistency, and ability. Okay? And as soon as you stack those areas, you'll just naturally feel a lot more confident and certain. I'm going to act like I've always been this way. I by far have. I've been at lower levels in life, just like you. And just time and time again, I showed up regardless. My old boss's name was Grant. And when I worked with Grant, he used to say, "Regardless of how you feel, you got to show up anyway. No matter what, you show up." And I think that's the most important part, believe it or not, is just starting the process because you can see like showing up today get you in front of people like me and all the other people you met and all the other people you going to lead to you having a better life if you actually go home and apply these types of things. Again, really understand this. Just consistency and being this next version of you, that's going to start the process of creating the certainty. It certainty does not come first. Okay. Certainty and confidence technically come second. The insecurity will come first. You know, like the imposttor syndrome feeling that'll come first. >> You know, the lack of skill and like just overall lack of result. That's what technically comes first. And through trial and error and consistency, that's when we eventually start getting results. And as those results show up, that's when we develop a natural ability, competence, you know, that's when we truly become like whoever we view ourselves in the future as being. just keep showing up until all of a sudden you just kind of wake up one day and you actually feel like that person. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And once you're there, it'll be much more awesome to be fair. Yeah. >> You know, definitely seek that, but don't don't act like it comes first. It doesn't. You know, you got you got a long journey ahead before before that eventual version of you shows up. That make sense? >> Thank you. And what vitamins and supplements do you take to take? >> You know, I actually been real bad with my vitamins and supplements the last like I'd say two weeks. I don't think I've taken much at all. Usually I take a pretty extreme B vitamin because I have some kind of genetic thing after taking a genetic screening test that tells me I can't methylate B vitamins very well. So I oversupplement those. Uh I take some kind of magnesium and zinc supplement I buy off Amazon. >> Um there's a multivitamin and then my trainers got me on I think right now omega-3s. >> Stay with me. >> Um I don't think there's anything else. I'm not on any other drugs or injectables or peptides or nothing like that. Okay. I'm I'm I'm open to taking drugs though, but I'm not I'm not doing anything right now. >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> Nice meeting you, bro. >> I got one. So, one thing I took from your presentation was you got to like 50k a month and I haven't gotten there yet, but I'm like in that range for selfish reasons. So, I want to dig deeper into my why. But when you're at 50k, I'm assuming didn't have the wife yet, didn't have the kids yet. >> Don't know what your dream was like. >> 20ome year old single dude. >> Yeah. Yeah. So when you got to that point and then you dug deeper into your why, what made you want to reach that place though? >> Well, initially it just felt like it was still really small, you know, even at 50K in that first 45 days, like right away I can tell I was like, well, this isn't going to allow me to like even do things like pay my staff, save money, like everybody was on like really, including me, like really low levels of payroll. Um, there just wasn't a lot that we could actually do with that cash because it was such a small amount and there was like cost to it, you know? So, I don't know. Just felt like there was a natural set of reasons right away that commanded us to need more and be bigger. Um, I'd say I had pretty selfish reasons for at least like the first two maybe even all the way through like three years of what I did. Um, in the first two years I had I had three offices eventually and I had 27 staff. I was doing maybe like two 300k a month at that point. I wasn't net much to my my expenses were high at that time. Um, and I just remember like after I contracted from there, there was a lot more I needed to do after that to like try to even just make more and be bigger and and be more efficient and effect like there was just simply but at each stage of my life something that would come up that felt like the reason or like the set of reasons and then eventually I learned all the stuff I did now that I sure wish I knew sooner because I felt like that could have compelled me to be bigger earlier on in my journey. Earlier on in my journey I had very like isolated reasons. Um, remember I drew that little web of a bunch of little dots that like surrounded me that that's where I'm at today. It's like there's anywhere I look, there's some [ __ ] reason to continue to do whereas back then it felt like maybe there's like one thing or like at best like two little things that I could do. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. Yeah. And do you think I'm early 20s, mid20s? So it's like do you think one example you gave of like looking ahead you got to >> Yeah. I mean the thing is like when you're in your young 20 how old are you? >> 25. >> Yeah. Okay. is your brain's like just starting to technically finalize development to a degree where you start to actually have your frontal lobe fully developed and you'll start to be able to think more long-term and rational and you should start to like I don't know kind of feel these uh these things start to have more significance to you than what they previously had. That's a great time to start to like reassess potential broader decisions. But the most important thing is you have to have something that actually compels you to do stuff like today and now rather than just like put things in the future. Like I could sit here and I could tell you about like the compound interest calculator on investor.gov and how you need to set aside a certain amount of money every month in the market to eventually be able to not work for active income anymore, but those things probably don't matter to you as much as like buying a McLaren or, you know, [ __ ] doing something like getting a better place to live or, you know, so you have a chance where where do you live? >> Uh, close to where you grew up, Cleveland. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. >> Uh, yeah. You're probably the [ __ ] man up there with a little bit of money. But long story short, it's like being in bigger environments could be another reason that may pay you. You just want to try to find like very like again depending on what level you're at like selfish things that compel you rather than seeking things that may be like higher or broader into the future because that's the power of that timeline based decision making that I was showing you there is when you're at survival it's moment by moment. It's it's no benefit to think beyond that when you're in survival right it's like if I'm homeless it's like all I'm thinking about is like where like what is someone going to kill me right now? Am I where am I going to sleep? Where am I going to take a [ __ ] What am I going to eat? You understand? There's a big difference there that you have to really apply to like what you're going to decide to do. So, when I'm in the selfish phase, it's actually best to think of like selfish motives and goals. Does that make sense? Like I'd be thinking to myself like, what can I do to make myself more appealing to a partner? Like, what kind of man do I need to become to level up into that? You know, how do I need to position myself materially to be able to potentially capture whoever I want to, you know what I mean? Environmentally, you understand? >> That's a lesson I've taken from a lot of your content is just the can't remember the exact word, but like identity rebirth. It's like con like evolution, >> I think. Yeah. Yeah, >> that's cool. >> Oliver, >> nice to meet you all. Nice to meet you. Nice, man. >> I don't know if you experienced this, but um my agency kind of took off earlier this year for a while. Like I made a lot of money doing Amazon. 4 years ago, I was reselling shoes and I was in high school and so on and so forth. But the longest time, I want to say since I started diving into this whole like entrepreneur journey, having like an agency, learning copywriting, blah blah blah, I always had like low anxiety in my chest. Like I'm I'm standing here right now and I'm loving it. But still, I feel like something hurts right here. And I don't know like your talk about like God, family, love, selfish, survival. I don't know if in your perspective that could be because I feel like I'm bouncing between selfish and survival. Like maybe 30 grand isn't enough for me, which definitely isn't. But just want to know if you ever experience any of that. >> Yeah. I mean, when you're distant from whatever outcome you think you want in life, you'll you'll naturally have like that kind of feeling, you know? I I can't tell you as much I've done throughout my time to avoid that feeling besides just trying to stay in the trenches of taking actions to get closer to whatever I thought I wanted to be. I I still feel uh distant from like my ultimate like self and and where I think I want to end up in all areas, you know, financially, uh physically, uh even like my family, you know, like it's just starting. But the anxietyy's alleviated a tremendous amount the more money I've made and the more money I've kept in my account. That's been really the only solution I got for you. I felt I felt my most uh anxious uh obviously like when I didn't have a lot of cash. um when I when I felt like certain situations could still like impact me. Um I remember just as an example like it could be like a big tax bill that comes along that might wipe out everything you got in your account. Yeah. Versus now it's like I'll give you a good example. I just had a tax bill was only 1.3 million. And I actually say it like this is really important to understand. It was only 1.3 million cuz I paid some guys to lower it down a dramatic amount. And then on top of that I I'm not sure how this works. I'm actually not that educated on this to articulate to you what specifically they did to lower it down further. But they took it from 1.3 to only like 470 something,000. And I paid that literally with a smile on my face. I went afterwards and I bought a new watch to celebrate how little taxes I actually had to pay comparatively to what I thought I was going to have to pay. And it was it was actually one of the first years I thought to myself, I was like, man, I felt good, not bad. You know, I was actually enthusiastic about it paying a [ __ ] half a million dollar tax bill versus I remember past years, not even just this most recent one, but like you know, further back, just having some large tax bill and getting that same type of feeling. So it it was constant for a while and then like as I as I gained, you know, my bank balance and my income, my anxiety levels would drop would be like more infrequent if and when they'd come up with something like a tax bill that could that could strike it up. And then now it's like I truly can't imagine the last time I had any kind of level of financial anxiety. Even when I go and do this auxiliary [ __ ] like these house things I'm talking about, it's like, you know, I I feel well above that to to have that capacity to not even just use savings or like a watch just to like literally generate it, you know? >> So, I I I actually don't believe that's a bad thing that you're articulating. And I'd encourage you to reframe that feeling that you articulate is bad into something that's actually going to strengthen and speed up your progress to like getting to where you want to go. Cuz anytime you do things that'll take you closer to that, you should feel better, not worse, right? Do you notice that when you take action or no? >> Yeah, I mean for the past like four months since it's become like constant, I've definitely taken a lot more action, but it's never like stopped, I guess. So, I guess I'm >> But it's diminished, right? And then it comes back when you stop taking action. Yeah. Again, it's same process and nothing I ever found besides drugs to try to alleviate that temporarily, but it'll always come back. The real solution, as you know, is to put yourself into the position that you have clearly committed to becoming. That make sense? >> Yeah. >> All right. Thank you. >> All right. Very good. >> Yeah, I appreciate that. >> Thanks for being with us. >> You mind if we grab a pick? >> Yeah, sure. >> Sweet. Am I taking it? No problem. >> Hey, you should take a photo with Cam, man. Y'all look damn near the exact same. >> Three, two, one. Got it. >> Appreciate it. >> What's going on? Tell you a quick >> I'll be as quick as I can with this. Pretty much during co time, I got on a call with this guy in Tulum, Mexico that told me that he can help me grow my basketball training business. Yeah. And then he turned on Facebook ads. Long story short, he grows my basketball training business really big. Then I see him. He I stay good friends with him. I'll play basketball with him. He tells me, "Hey, I'm not loving basketball training anymore." I moved on to these bigger guys. >> Was that Ben? >> Nice. >> So, I was going to try to not mention that, but yeah. So, just the the ripple effect that you had. I stayed friends with him up until he passed. Um, and just seeing his growth and the way he would talk to me, which I later learned through a mutual connection that he was getting coached by you. So it just it just helped me big time. Every time I get on the phone with Benny, he's like, "The [ __ ] you still doing? Coaching basketball players. You're bigger than that. XYZ." So just wanted to say thank you for everything you did for him that came through to me. >> Of course, man. Thank you for learning from uh from one of my mentees, man. I love Ben. >> Absolutely. >> Yeah. Great. Sad to see him go, but >> yeah. >> Glad he made an impact while he was here, you know. >> Definitely made an impact. And thank you for the the talk today. >> Of course, man. Hope you do something with it. Keep me posted. >> No doubt I will. I'll message you. I'll be I'll be a part of the group when the when the time is right. >> Thanks, man. Looking forward to it. Thank you. >> Rewatch that like my morning routine is check out that podcast and just keep remembering that same point and I can already see the impact that it's making. So I just want to say thank you and sincere gratitude that God may bless you and your family for what you're doing cuz it's it's making an impact and Christ sees that. >> Thanks. >> So I just want to say thank you and if it's cool if I get a photo with you just just to actually have that >> the camera guy. [laughter] >> You're just in the right position, man. Got it. >> Hey, can I grab one? >> Yeah, sure. Quick, quick. Sweet. >> Thank you, man. >> That's on the baby, by the way. >> Thanks, man. >> I got my third on the way. >> Thanks, man. Thanks for everything. >> Thanks so much for the talk. >> No, come on. Come on. Come on. You got to get closer. [laughter] >> Chris, by the way, nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you, man. Jeremy, >> uh, my question to you is, what revenue levels should I be doing before I think about joining your program? >> If I make a minimum of 100k a month, long as you make that minimum, you can technically qualify. We will ask you to literally see it. So, don't try to [ __ ] us. And then ideally, you make that for at least like 2 3 months. There's people might make it for the first time that then come and apply. We try to tell them to try to come back after they do it for at least couple months in a row because at the end of the day, we just want to be clear when we say this. We care about the quality of person that's in there. We think getting to 100K a month is pretty simple without having to be a part of it to to get to that number. And then in addition to that, we want to see consistency because again, the type of person that's in there, the highest guy makes 10 million bucks a month. So we can't have anybody that's I don't know how to say that than just like a lower level of entrepreneurship in there. We try to like safeguard it and make sure it's like high level. We got like ambitious people in there. Um but it shouldn't feel like a lot. That's the most important part. We're not out there. I mean it costs it costs a good bit of money. It's not expensive cuz it won't betray you, but it is costly. As a result of that, we don't want it to feel like it's a big thing. You know, it should feel by the time that you're ready to do it like it's a [ __ ] breeze. You're going to be capable of being in there for a bit and obviously you're ready to start taking some risk cuz beyond the cost of us, like we'll tell you all kinds of [ __ ] that's going to cost money to go out there and take a risk on and do in order to make more cash. So, once you're in that position, that's when I think it's best. >> Perfect. Awesome. Thank you so much. >> Looking forward to welcome in one day, man. Sorry. I know there's a lot of people. Thank you for your talk. >> Of course, man. What do you got? >> Uh, sorry. >> What do you got? >> What I what I get what I get from the talk. >> What's your question, bro? >> Oh, I wanted to ask [laughter] first of all, I want to say your videos have been immensely help helpful for my agency. I'm a paying client of Jeremy AI. It's been really really really helpful. >> Thanks for being with us. >> I really ought to be a member of the inner woman when I reach the the qualification, but I wanted to ask I'm 19 and we run like a info agent like basically helping BC info scale where we run webinars, you know, paid traffic. Where do you see like the biggest opportunities if you were like my age again? Like are there any other verticals or like where do you see the biggest >> dude? If I was 19 again and like all this [ __ ] like literally like right now I I would master the [ __ ] out of all things like what could I do related to somebody's business? If I can make them money, I would just ask myself what specific thing out of all this [ __ ] that exists nowadays I'd want to pick. I still think I'd likely bias towards advertising. May maybe it'd be like some kind of scaled sales thing. Like there's always a lot of demand right now for like AI setters as an example or like all kinds of random AI stuff. There there's two types of people right now hiring for AI. There's like cost-saving people and then there's revenue generating people. Rarely, surprisingly, is there a combo of both, which I find kind of shocking. But nonetheless, the point I'm trying to make is it's as crazy as it sounds, bro. You got to try and figure out 19 years old what a business would be willing to hire for. Now the number one thing to unlock all those ideas is what makes them money that they can understand can make them money. >> Right now it's just ads webinars. It's like where can we I mean like upsell find like AI solutions cuz obviously you run a similar type of agency and you like only run ads. If we have these clients like maybe is there anything like I'm trying to think of what we can do on top of >> Yeah. So like ads and webinars as an example and you get like a little more a little more into it. There's no big differentiator to that. So, like as an example, my vers my version of running ads, we do content first advertising strategies, content ad strategies. Those were like and I have a little over a dozen of those types of strategies that I've originated over the years. That was always a huge >> We've been used to them. They've been very >> Thank you, man. Yeah, they work great. But that's my point. It's like I've originated those over the years. That was like my differentiator. That was my unique mechanism. You have to have some kind of unique mechanism or you have to go to a type of client like a specific niche that might just have not gotten the absolute living [ __ ] pitched out of them yet for ads and webinars in order to still technically be competitive. Now, you mentioned you're in the info niche. So, that's obviously the most pitched. That seems to be like the number one niche every new agency owner tries to go to. As a result of that, you're going to be in a highly competitive place where you have to have some kind of differentiating factor or a unique mechanism in order to actually get yourself in front of those people and converting well >> or just immense results are like four or >> the results will help. But like I'll give you a perfect example of why that might not be true. There's a there's a inner circle member we have his name's Tarin. Tarin is every one out of four deals that Clavio the email marketing platform for Shopify. One out of four deals that they can refer to somebody they refer to Tarin. Taran when he runs ads gets like nobody to respond because all he does is just put out all of his ex like hey this is we're one in one out of every four deals when Clavio gets referred to us. We're the number one referral partner for Clavio. This is how much money we've helped people make through Clavio. And you'd think that that would work like you thought but like it it gets a really high cost per call. He had a unique mechanism recently where and this was like a minor thing for him that he didn't consider with significance at all. He had said, "I have AI agents monitoring a user on the Shopify site takes their session data like what they looked at and creates a custom marketing automation sequence based on what they did or didn't do on the site." And I was like, "Tar, advertise that." Like that's the [ __ ] unique mechanism, bro. Cost per call drops, gets a higher quantity of calls. He still does a combo of both to be fair because it's not like he just has to mention that. the other stuff still matters, but it it's leading with the credibility of the authority and like what he's done doesn't get the deals done alone. People seek in competitive markets some kind of unique mechanism that can get them the result. You understand? >> We've never really ran out for ourselves. We kind of relied on referrals. Our best like you've seen the same like the best best clients especially when you're running like we run like a lot like it's a lot of operation for each client. And so for us to put our time into like the clients come from ads that's maybe not as good quality is like super low. Do you have any advice on like that side of things in terms of acquisition for anything? >> I've just always done video pitches and getting an occasional referral. I just pitch the [ __ ] out of people and then we do this thing called value driven follow-up. I don't do literally anything else. I've never run ads for my own marketing agency deals cuz my type of client doesn't respond to ads. As a result of that, it's always led me back to the same thing. I got to continue pitching people and I've got to continue following up with people. And we've had we've had our sales team to be clear, not myself, actively run that system for almost a decade. Um it's still what we use today, believe it or not. Now, yeah, I my all my stuff you see me do on YouTube, I originally set out to attempt to try to to get my ideal client. Like me talking about million-dollar months. Yeah. Me talking about million-dollar months is obviously all we ever do on the agency side. And I was like, well, I try to test against what I believed to be true. And that was a key belief I held for a long time. I thought to myself, oh, look at this [ __ ] >> [ __ ] >> Is that your guy? >> No. Freaky ass [ __ ] The uh the moral of the story is is like I just I tested against a thesis I had. Can I get my ideal client from YouTube, which I didn't believe. And to be clear, I've had like maybe two or three deals I've gotten over the course of July of 2024 through right now where I stand here with you. The majority of what I've gotten from it has been education company deals in comparison. So, it hasn't accomplished what I thought it was going to accomplish or what I set out to accomplish. And I still today get my best deals from video pitches and from an occasional referral. To be fair, >> your ideal client um perfect client training has been immensely valuable for us as well. Like when to turn down clients, >> dude. I I created that so long ago. I love that thing. It's like a it's like a biblical texture for us in our [ __ ] business. >> I put the video into it. Generate the team knows like smart plan. >> Thank you so much for the talk of course. Great meeting. Thank you for me with us.