# The CORRECT Way To Do Revenue Share Deals (FULL GUIDE)
# video_id: Wpac_YXZXtI | views: 10000 | duration_min: 43
# url: https://youtu.be/Wpac_YXZXtI

Hello everybody, welcome to the video. My name's Jeremy Haynes. I've been an agency owner now for 11 years. I ran my marketing agency initially just doing what almost everybody does. Flat fees, transactional deals occasionally for like one-off stuff like websites or whatever. A lot of recurring deals. On the day one of my marketing agency, I started charging about $1,800 a month. Within weeks felt like we were up to 4,000 per month on every deal that we did that same service for with no changes that we historically charged $1,800 for. I've sold almost every type of marketing service under the sun when it comes to advertising, funnels, chatbots, marketing automation, email marketing, text marketing, graphic design, videography when it comes like video editing projects. We've done combinations of literally all of these things. We advertise on every social media channel you can fathom, copywriting projects. I mean, once again, like pretty much every single service that you can advertise for, market for, you know, just execute as a marketing agency we've done. And to be clear, we've charged a wide range of pricing for those services. Now, to be clear, today, my favorite go-to model, this is all I do now for the last several years, is a rev share model. And I'm going to break down today initially just how that works. I made an entire video, by the way, on how you can potentially get to a million a month yourself with a marketing agency running a rev share model and how that looks and it has a lot more details on how to do it than what I'll cover here. This video, I'm going to cover the complications of the rev share model. So, you can avoid the pitfalls and kind of know what you're getting yourself into in the instance that you choose to take this particular path. So, for starters, let me just break down how I do this. I charge currently in my modern day, like literally right now, this is my pricing, 15K a month and I do a 10% net rev share, okay? So, to be clear, that monthly fee that I charge, that's a recurring every 30-day fee, okay? And in addition to that, we charge that 10% net rev share. Now, there are occasional instances, just to be excessively transparent with you guys like usual, where we will not charge a rev share. It is very few and far between. However, there are instances where we won't. It's if we can make as much as we want to make off that rev share deal from other deals that we're going to get as a result of doing business with that specific company that is essentially like having friction with getting into a rev share relationship with us. And even then, we'll typically have some type of like tiered pricing incentive like bonus structure where we're still going to get paid more than just that flat 15K a month regardless. But, once again, just in the effort to transparency, nine and a half out of 10 deals we do are this structure right here. There's a 0.5 out of 10 deal which will be some type of like tiered bonus system structure where it starts at 15K a month and then based on different KPIs, we still work our way up to our target. Now, our goal, okay, when we do this deal is to get 100K a month off of that deal. Now, let me explain a bit of the nuances of how I execute my rev shares. So, first of all, we do essentially like an either-or thing with our fee or our rev share. So, what we tell clients is, if you net from our actions trackable back to us 150K or less, then it's just a fee. If you net 150K or more, okay, like anything above 150K pretty much, you're going to pay the difference above that 15K in rev share. So, let me give you an example. If a client nets, okay, $200,000 off of actions that are trackable back to me and my marketing agency. They already paid 15K in a fee. All right? Now, that 15K that they paid, we will deduct essentially from the rev share that's owed. So, they owe us in this case $20,000 in rev share payout. But, we don't pay we don't charge in the 15K plus the 20K. We take the 20K, we deduct the 15K that they already paid. They would pay the difference of 5K in rev share. So, essentially, they're going to pay us for that month just a recurring 15K. In addition to that, they're going to they're going to pay us over the difference of that $5,000. Okay? So, in my world, for me to hit my goal of 100K a month, I essentially need the client to net a million dollars a month. So, in my world, that's very doable. Okay? That's very realistic. As crazy as that might sound to some of the smaller people that are watching this right now, in my world, that's like, we've been doing that for a long time. Okay? So, long story short, we know the intricacies, the client green flags and red flags, and like, all the variables that need to be in play to make a million dollars a month net trackable back to us and our actions, not only possible, but extremely probable for every client that we go into a relationship with and take on as a deal. Now, to be clear, we're not right 100% of the time. I mean, obviously, we fail and we don't hit those targets literally every single deal. You know, I'm not trying to sound like that, to be clear. But, regardless, this is very realistic in my world. Okay? That's what I'm trying to express to you. So, anyway, I digress. The point I'm trying to make is just how I work with the 15K fee, the 10% rev share, like the either/or type pricing, and just just once again, like the nuances of actually charging that. So, to be clear, it's very fair. That's simply what it comes down to. That's what I want to make clear. Essentially, for my main point here is everything that we do is fair to both parties. Look, if I'm going to net you a million dollars in a month trackable back to our marketing efforts, you're going to pay us 100K a month. You're going to do it with a smile on your face. It's going to be a win-win for everybody. You're walking away with 900K literal profit, like in your pocket after all your expenses. Some of the questions I commonly get about this model is, like, what is net actually defined to be? Is it just ad spend, you know, deducted against whatever they gross? No, like, it's like literal net, you know? It's typically, once again, ad spend, sales commission. Sales people are generally involved in whatever we're advertising for, given the given the price that we typically advertise for on behalf of clients. Uh in addition to that, it's like cost of goods sold. So, some people have, you know, service costs. Some people have like hard product costs, we'll deduct that. We've even had some clients that are like savvy enough to like month over month project out their tax burden and deduct that against it. The things that we do not allow to be deducted against it are expenses that are not like hard costs on that money that was generated. So, through the years, and this is an example of where I say like we'll get into the intricacies of like the complications of rev shares, you'll occasionally have a client that will try to dick you out of money, okay? And they'll do it in like sophisticated ways, cuz that's the thing. You're going to deal with the same stuff you dealt with in kindergarten on the playground in more sophisticated ways as you continue to age as an adult, and this is no different, okay? Some of these problems are so simple, they just are are masqueraded as, you know, complex. But, here we go, okay? So, thing number one that can kind of screw you out of rev share is the client will attempt to deduct like large unnecessary expenses against whatever was grossed that's trackable back to you. So, we'll essentially call this like they'll deduct, you know, unnecessary expenses. And like I said, they'll try to justify it as like, "Oh, well, this is what we have to do in order to keep operating." And they're just trying to [ __ ] you, okay? And you got to know that. So, let me give you some examples. Sometimes clients will will take money from what was grossed once again, and they'll put it towards like buying another business. And that can definitely screw you out of money in the instance that they attempt to justify that like that's some hard cost. Sometimes they'll take money and they'll do things like over hire, you know? And just because in some instances they have like a department or something like that that is technically justified as an expense against your money, well, at the end of the day like there's a reasonable amount when it comes to how that division should be funded, and there's a there's a degree of like over hiring that can occur. Or sometimes they'll just hire people randomly for other departments that have nothing to do with the money that is coming in to deliver on once again the revenue that was generated from your business from from once again what was trackable back to you, and And try to justify that like it comes against that. There's obviously, you know, essentially an infinite amount of little arrows I could point to different expenses that the client would attempt to justify as like, oh, this is a justification that we have to have, you know, like So, simply put, you know, if a client nets a million dollars, okay? And, you know, the reasonable amount might be like 30 to 50% and for you e-com guys out there, you might have a higher expense ratio than that. Could be upwards of like 70 to 80% especially when you're operating at scale and depending on obviously all the cost of goods sold and whatnot. But, my point is is like if there's a normal range, you want to be aware of that when you go into the deal, okay? You don't want to create a lot of friction. So, this this is like an important caveat to this. You do want to avoid friction here, okay? However, you need to vet every business for ethics, okay? You need to vet for like the morals of the business and see if you're working with somebody that's got high integrity, that's that's just a good person, you know, because you will find an occasional [ __ ] that has a really good, you know, business model and offer, but they're just a literal like piece of [ __ ] you know, like you don't want to work with those people on a rev share deal. You want to work with people have ethics. You want to work with people have high morals, you know, and you want to work with people that are integrous. Um I can I have many stories I could sit here and rip off to you, but let me give you a simple one that kind of contains lessons from both of these. So, first of all, when you come into a business relationship, as I talked about in my video where I cover how you could get to a million a month with rev shares in a marketing agency, I go over the fact that it's a game of expectations, okay? So, the expectations have to be set, everything has to be agreed upon and you have to like lay out a bunch of scenarios that are like if this, then that type logic with the client. This would come down to, okay, hey, so you go to a mastermind is the example I used in that video and you're already paying me $100,000 a month. One of your buddies or like some person that you look up to tells you like, oh my god, you're insane for paying $100,000 a month to a marketing agency, like you could pay 10 people 10K a month and it'd be a better deal, you know, and they'll be in house. We do everything in house. And your client is going to have a lapse of judgment and they're going to be like, "Oh, yeah, you're totally right. Like, let me go [ __ ] rug pull the marketing agency that got me to net a million dollars a month in the first place. And let me just I don't think anything bad could happen as a result of that. I'm not going to [ __ ] implode on my revenue or anything." And obviously, they're going to implode their revenue, everything's going to [ __ ] collapse, and they're going to be [ __ ] you know, and they're going to have to come back to you. Like, that kind of scenario, you want to literally like verbally articulate to a client ahead of time going into the deal. Like, we articulate that kind of stuff in our sales process. Now, when I specifically say like you need to avoid friction, but you also have to vet for like ethics and integrity, you you need to understand like this is a very simple thing. When you say to the client, "Okay, so just give me an idea like what your expense ratio is currently. Like, what's what's an average month for you right now? And what's it cost to deliver on those goods?" And they'll tell you. They'll say, "Yeah, so when we generate $300,000 a month currently, it takes about 40% of our total revenue that comes in to be able to deliver on that revenue that we sold." So, you then want to ask questions along the lines of like, "Okay, great. Like, are there ever any fluctuations to that? Like, does it ever go up? Does it ever go down? Is that about the average?" And nine times out of 10, the answer is going to be, "Yeah, that's about the average, you know?" It's very rare that somebody's expenses are going to have such extreme fluctuations greater than about 10%. So, if somebody tells us 40%, that essentially for us means the range of expenses that we would consider ethical and integrous would be about 30 to 50%. Now, let's use the example and we would tell this to the client in terms of a hypothetical. We'd say, "Okay, great. So, let's use the example that we push this thing all the way up to like 1.7 million a month, okay? And you're netting a million dollars a month. Do you have any kind of like financial models that you use or any kind of math that you have where you could project what your expenses might be at that level? Do you, simply put, think they would fluctuate up or or would you actually have a cheaper cost to deliver goods at that level of revenue?" And we want them to go through these kind of things. I want to be clear when I say this, when I list this under my like avoid friction category, we're not attempting to like reduce the the the probability of them doing a deal with us by asking these types of questions. These are like necessary questions to ask to get an idea ahead of time before you get to that point financially with them where you can see like what's the literal expense ratio going to be so you can mathematically determine how much money you need to make them and whether that's probable or not. So everybody can go into the deal knowing essentially the probabilities, okay? That's all you're really looking for here. Probabilities, ethics all in one. So if I have a client as an example that says in that example I just gave, "Okay, 1.7 million a month. Yeah, my expenses would probably go up to like 80%." Like how? Why? You know, what would cause that kind of situation to occur? Allow them to explain themselves and then you then realize like we had a client as an example where they had a $125,000 off, okay? 125k. Right off the bat you hear that and you probably think, "Man, that's got to be huge margins." But the thing is is like they're selling a lot of hard goods in that 125k. There was some digital goods in that 125k but it was a minority. So when you sell a 125k package, I in my business historically with every deal we've done, we're regularly used to clients having very high margin. However, in this case this particular client operated at like 20% margin. So out of a $125,000 package, they're going to net like 40,000, maybe 50,000 give or take what hard goods are associated in that deal. And they changed, they varied a little bit give or take the specific 125k deal, what specific like area of the world they were selling into into that deal. Point being, that's tough. That changes the math a lot versus if they're netting upwards of like 60 or 70%. I simply put would need to sell less people into that deal for them to hit a million dollars a month net versus when they net 20% of a 125k deal, 80%. That's That's not even factoring in. You want to ask them questions like does that factor in like ad cost? Does that factor in commissions? And does that factor in my cost that I'm going to charge? And the answer's generally no. Like those expenses go on top of that. So when it comes to the intricacies of rev shares like this is a huge huge variable cost that's going to determine how hard it is for you to actually get paid a substantial amount of money. For me as an an when I'm shooting for my 100k months, I want it to be easy. I don't want it to be hard. I don't want to go into a deal that's going to add excessive complications to the probability of getting there. Now, to be clear, this 125K client, in terms of the cost of their service, they ended up tweaking it a little bit. They removed a lot of those hard goods. They charged about a $50 to $60,000 cost, and they attempted to sell that into the marketplace, and it had a majority digital goods at that point. Almost all of it was digital goods and coaching. Now, from that perspective, that, believe it or not, would net about the same amount while charging half as much. So, it makes it a higher probability that they're going to get deals. It makes it a higher probability with in terms of the amount they net that we're actually going to be able to flip that into a million a month net for the client, okay? That increases the probabilities dramatically that we're going to have a good favorable deal, and that we remove some intricacies of getting to the point where we can get paid what we want to get paid off that relationship. So, simply put, it's important to note intricacies can come in the form of friction when you're trying to avoid them, okay? And like I said, you're not trying to add like, you know, a three-round interview process with every client to go through prior to entering into a relationship. So, from that perspective, you have to know the right questions to ask, okay? That's one of the most important parts when it when it comes to entering into one of these revshare relationships. You need to know those right questions, okay? And a lot of those right questions, like I said, I cover inside of that other video with how to actually get to the point where you're doing a million a month off a revshare model. But, let me just give you a few of them now. Once again, expectation questions. Those are huge. Those are tremendous. The math questions. Ideally, you're operating with financial models, okay? That way, in real time, like as you're just asking simple stuff. If you're doing a call funnel as an example, hey, what's your current cost per call? What Can you give me an idea on like a qualification ratio of how many people apply that aren't qualified, and how many people come through that are qualified? What is the show rate? Do you have a setter closer model? You know, what's the close rate? You know, what's the average amount they actually cash collect on these calls, not revenue, but cash collected. What's the salesperson commission? What's the expenses of the business? You plug all that into a financial model and you can see, okay, if I spend this amount, this is how much net comes out the other side. And then from that perspective, all of this that I'm talking about now just becomes a simple Excel sheet that you plug numbers into and spits out proper expectations on the other side that both you and the client can look at in real time on a call when you're sharing your screen and just going through it and getting to the point once again where you guys walk away in agreement that it's a fair deal and it makes sense to add a 10% expense to their net to pay out to you. So, long story short, expectations, the math questions, and just some like if this then that scenarios, those are the three general categories of questions that we'll answer and we do so in a very efficient way. Our sales calls on average are like 45 minutes to an hour. In general, there's another follow-up call that's required, not because we we can't close them on the first call, but generally because they'll have some additional questions and we'll have some additional questions. So, second sales call is just necessary um and preferred by both parties. So, long story short, it's usually a two-call process that gives you an opportunity to kind of walk away, think with all the data that you received, think with all the answers, come back and potentially ask some more questions. Uh now, to be clear, I'll give you another good example when I say you want to avoid uh this this is like I guess like a fly-by-night offer. I don't I don't know another way to kind of articulate this. This is essentially the niches This only happened to me once, to be clear. You want to avoid niches that are that are like get-rich-quick niches and I don't really I don't really know the right word here to describe this, but I'll try to break it down with some examples for you so you guys can understand. We had one niche, okay, in the history of our marketing agency, that we considered like a good niche initially. There was a lot of great results happening in the space. There's a lot of attention on it and we had a lot of like initial success operating in that space with helping these clients scale up tremendously fast. The issue is is, you know, looking back on it, it's like these people all were terrible business operators. Like they just did a really bad job. When I looked back, I tried to figure out cuz I never ever Like I'm an integrity's ethical individual. I never ever wanted to participate in anything remotely similar to that ever again. So, I needed to determine like what were the variables that made that niche the way it was, okay? And this is this is really what it came down to. So, number one, and this one's pretty simple to understand, it was a niche where like the operator, the business owner, didn't have to do a lot on the fulfillment, okay? And that sounds ideal, I understand. However, it leads to a lot of like really bad people coming into that specific niche. So, the operator didn't have to do a lot of of fulfillment, okay? So, as an example of this, like if you're selling something that in combination with that is also high ticket, this can be a big time red flag that, you know, initially before I just got direct experience dealing with, I didn't necessarily consider a red flag. I know it kind of sounds weird, but we regularly work in high ticket niches, and we also are very geared towards efficiency inside of my world. Like we have deals we do that for a regular marketing agency would take a tremendous amount of time and effort, but through the years, like it's been a decade now, through the decade of operating as a marketing agency, we found a lot of stuff that makes things simpler, easier to execute, and doesn't take a lot of time and effort. So, we're we're very like favorable towards efficiency. So, simply put, we initially looked at a lot of these like niches and these businesses operating within them as just good businesses. Made a lot of sense. You're an efficient business that doesn't have a lot of fulfillment, it's easy to get the result that you're after, and you're charging high ticket. Like it initially seemed like a bunch of green flags. However, these two I try to avoid like the plague because, once again, when I say this is a red flag niche, it could be any niche that has these two things associated with it. It will attract like a magnet really just unethical people, you know? It'll attract people that just do businesses that don't take a lot of work, you know? And they're just When I say they're not good business operators, like you can compare them against some really successful business owners who have put in a tremendous amount of work on making everything in their organizations highly efficient, and like they've taken themselves out of the business, but like those people put in a fuck-load of work before they got to that point. These types of operators, they don't look to do that. What they attempt to do is they attempt to start immediately with as little work as humanly possible after they sell the product. They'll never articulate themselves as scammers or unethical individuals. That's why it's important for you to be able to vet for this. Like, they will make themselves appear and sound like an incredible operator who just found a great formula of some kind, you know, to be able to leverage themselves into whatever the hell they're selling. We do not want to participate in those niches because you'll open yourself up to a lot of liability. You will open yourself up to liability as a marketer, just as an agency in general working inside of that space. Um those businesses have a very high probability to go into a lot of lawsuits. You know, they have a very high probability to just, simply put, dramatically go down bad, you know? So, you have both legal liability from like government institutions such as the FTC as an example or, you know, depending on what you're selling, potentially even the SEC. And then in addition to that, you obviously have civil liability when it comes to all the failed clients that are going to work with your client, um you know, opening them up to lawsuits, which to be clear can then, when I say liability, either directly get you involved in lawsuits or introduce you to clawback clauses. So, that's where, to be clear, some kind of government institution, a judge, a court is going to, cuz eventually all these businesses typically will file bankruptcy. So, long story short, what happens is is those lawsuits then go into bankruptcy court all and all under one judge. That judge is going to determine, okay, great, you know, money's got to come back from somewhere. And that's when they'll start going down their vendor sheet. That's when they'll start looking at like all the places these people spend money and put money. And you might end up with a, you know, essentially a judgment that says, hey, like, you have to pay back, you know, X amount of dollars or all those dollars that were paid you. And in this case, if you're a rev share deal, and you were getting paid a tremendous amount of money from that specific relationship, you're you're going to be at the top of that list for somebody that might be viewed as like an unjustifiable expense in the eyes of a court. And if that's the case, once again, you're essentially right from the get-go opening yourself up to a huge liability just by entering into that deal with somebody who, like I said, is just not a good business operator. You want to find businesses that you can enter into relationships with that are solid, like the literal best at fulfillment, at delivery, at making good on their promises, that if things do go in any way, shape, or form wrong for a single customer, they'll go out of their way to do everything that they can to make it right. You don't want to work with little weasels, you know? You don't You don't want to be in a position where you're going to work with people like that, little worms, you know? Um highly integrous, highly ethical, high levels of morals from all these people that you're going to enter into rev share relationships with. Very critical. Don't think that the rev share model is a get-rich-quick model, okay? This takes work, okay? I've had a lot of people that, you know, over the years will learn how to do rev shares from me, and they think, like, "Okay, I'm going to get paid in the first month, you know?" And that's generally not how it works. You know, it'd be great if that's how it works, and to be fair, I mean, I have had instances where we do get some thick rev share payouts in month one or month two, but those are rare. Those are uncommon in comparison to how it usually works. The, you know, scalability of any business at a given time comes down to all kinds of variables, okay? And in some instances, like I said, you could come in and all they need to do is just start scaling, and and bam, like, you're going to get paid overnight. You know, it's tremendous when that happens. And you could look out for deals like that and and choose to only step in on relationships like that, for sure. However, not every deal is going to go like that, okay? And it's important to It's important to remember that. It's also important to note when it comes to, like, I say they take work, you know, it really just means there's typically more time that you have to endure for before you really start seeing like big results from it. Like, as an example, in my world, like I talked about at the beginning of the video, if I don't net them more than 150 K in a month, then I'm just getting paid my fee. So, if they're making, let's say, like, 300 K or like 100 to 300 K a month, which is usually where a lot of our biggest rev share paying clients start off at. They will be in a position where they're not going to net 150k until you get them to like 400k or 500k, which definitely you could do within a month or two to be fair. To my point, it might take until month like three or six, somewhere along those lines, before everything gets dialed in. A lot of the times when we come into a business, like they're kind of like not like stuck, but they just haven't pushed it up. So, when you when you start like the scaling process, you will expose a lot of problems. It could be operational problems, it could be sales team problems, like it could just be all kinds of random stuff, simply put. If that happens, it's going to take longer to get those things dialed in, to overcome those problems, and then to be able to start pushing it up again. So, ideally, once again, you have deals where everything's already going great, and all they need is just somebody to come in, kick them in the ass, and get everything scaled up. That happens. It's not like a blue moon rare scenario. It's just a minority. It's it's less than that. A majority of the time, it's like we'll come in, get a bunch of qualified calls on the calendar, get a bunch of qualified leads into whatever, get a bunch of sales rolling in, and there's some kind of issue that occurs, you know, where like the sales team's not used to the volume, the sales team's not used to like this much paid ads, they're used to organic leads more. So, like there's an adaption curve that has to occur. It might just be the sales cycle's like a month long. So, when you spend money for a month, you're essentially fronting cash, and you got to wait until month two for that cash to come in, and then you got to be able to do the math on how you're going to be able to push the business up, and it's just going to take longer than you anticipated. So, in terms of expectations, like going into a rev share, it can just take a couple months to start getting paid rev shares. You might find yourself doing rev share deals and just not getting paid out. That exposes that you potentially need different deals, you know? There's certain businesses that you're going to historically have been just working with, that you're used to working with, and you think to yourself like, "Oh, man, like if I could just switch to a rev share model, and I don't have to change anything else, I'll just get paid more, you know?" And to be fair, that can happen, no doubt. That does happen a lot. However, in some instances, you're going to try to start charging rev shares and it's it's it might be illegal, you know, for your niche to pay rev shares. Like we have a niche where we help people raise capital. Like we can't charge rev shares to them. We have to charge bonuses, you know, we have to do things differently. We have to structure it particular ways to make that work. Um my point being, sometimes you have to change the type of client we're working with. Sometimes you have to change like the strategy that you're doing. Sometimes you have to change your marketing approach to be a lot more aggressive than what it otherwise is. There's just a lot of like little nuances that can hold you back even if you start charging rev shares from actually getting paid on rev shares. And this kind of leads to my next point is look, you want to figure out how to make it work. You do not want to just give up prematurely, okay? When I first started charging rev shares, I I'd consider it not necessarily like a stroke of luck by any means, but I had a really good deal within the first like 3 months of doing rev share. The guy paid us 25k a month instead of our regular rate because he wanted to be our top priority. In addition to that, we got that deal within a handful of months to a couple million dollars a month. I was getting checks struck for like 100 to 200k a month at certain points in that deal. It went great. That was all within the first year of doing rev shares all the way back in 2018. However, I I say all this to let you know like I've had students that do rev shares where it's like they try to do rev shares for a year, you know, and they're finding you know, month over month it's like all right, I got to change my client now. And then they have to go through the process of building a new pipeline for like 3 months, you know, to to start doing business in another niche or just with different types of clients in their existing niche that are more financially well-off selling to rich people. They might finally get a rev share and they get paid out on the rev share and like everything's really good, but then they find themselves not able to do it more than once, you know? That's another issue that can kind of pop up. Like I have a student right now, he's over in Europe and he got one of his first rev shares. I think it's been a good like this guy attempting to get rev shares out of his marketing agency. Finally got a great one, okay? It was in a niche that he wasn't regularly working in. He had to pitch a bunch of people in that niche to get a deal in the first place. He finally got the deal, took a good like three or four months after that just to scale it up a bit with actions that were trackable back to him that he could get paid on. And he started getting paid like 50 of 50k a month, 70k a month. And then in the most recent month, he gotten paid like almost $100,000, like $92,000. And then this month to be clear that I literally shoot this in right now for you, it's at the last day of the month. He messaged me and he was like, "Dude, I finally did it. Like I'm going to get over 100k a month from this deal." Now, his next problem, you know, he's just talking to me a couple days ago and he was like, "Well, now I got to figure out how to do this again." And you'll have some some like potential boundaries that come up within you that you start to explore, like are you going to go pitch competitors of that individual and potentially risk the rev share rev share relationship you've already got? Are you going to go and pitch like other people, you know, in different niches? Like there's all kinds of little stuff that starts to come up. Simply put, to try to then replicate it into more than just one deal. This is also an an intricacy for sure. And this I'd consider it uh client dilution, okay? Client dilution is an interesting one to deal with. And that exact example I just provided is like the perfect way to look at it, okay? So like let's use the example of that this is your this is your total revenue, okay? And you know, you have a few clients. In that guy's case, it's like, you know, he had that client that now paid him 100k a month. Like dude, that one deal out of his total agency revenue per month is going to be like 70 to 80% of it now, you know? He's got other deals, but those other deals are like little deals in comparison, you know? They're like just the standard fee deals that he charges. I think he charges 10k a month for his regular fees. So my point being it's like, you know, he has maybe six or seven other deals altogether and that's that's great, that's tremendous. But those deals are are little baby deals in comparison to that one deal that's now massive in comparison. So this technically becomes awesome, you know, like hey, congratulations, you got a tremendous amount of money out of one deal. But then the risk is like, dude, you lose that deal? I mean, you lose 70% of your revenue overnight. So, like you can't have one client paying you this much money and you have like all your other clients paying you little baby fees and and just stack up a bunch of baby fee deals. That's essentially a risk of running the rev share model. Ideally, what you have in any given time is, you know, a pretty even like segmented amount of revenue coming from a handful of different deals and like, you know, sure you're going to have some smaller ones here and there, but for the most part it's like, you know, your deals are are very like well balanced in comparison to to the way I just articulated that other example. Where yeah, sure I mean, like I said, you have an occasional small deal, but like most of your deals are are relatively large. So, long story short, the ideal scenario is no particular rev share client will take up more than about 20% of your total revenue. And even that, you might be thinking to yourself like, I don't know man, that seems pretty uncomfortable to have 20% of my revenue go down the drain if I lose a deal, but at the end of the day 20% is way better than 70%. And sure, you can get that 20% to a lower number by getting more deals that continue to pay you more money. So, the game is pretty simple. Like typically in your first deal, it's going to look like this, where just one of those random rev shares that you finally closed, you're going to put all that time, energy, and attention into it and boom, you just make a fuckload of money off of it. You're going to feel excited and pumped and you should be, you know, the wire is going to hit, you know, you're going to be amped, okay? However, then the fear will start to settle in cuz then you're like, oh [ __ ] you know, like 70% of all my revenue is coming from this one deal right now, or maybe it's more. Now, to be clear, that's like I said, where you got to start putting attention in into like a nice diversification of the client dilution. You got to dilute the big deals in a smaller amounts of revenue from the whole, that way you don't get screwed in the instance that something occurs. So, to be clear, client dilution is a big one, okay? And like I said, you're in a good situation, believe it or not, in the instance that you reach that problem, like that particular member of my Inner Circle student that I was just talking about, he reached that point, that's a good problem, not a bad problem. Cuz typically you'll reach like a new level of motivation cuz you finally made it happen. You know, it's a big difference in like how you're going to feel if you get to the point where this actually works for you and you start to see some revenue as a result of taking action on RevShare. And then like I said, you're going to get more motivation in the instance that you got to dilute that revenue and start taking on more deals. And this is also kind of the next point when it comes to like the intricacies of this whole thing. There is a lot, okay, of lessons that are going to come up that essentially in your good deals and your bad deals indicate to you like green flags and red flags of future deals. And you got to keep your eye out for them. The green flags I consider what I call my perfect client traits. Okay, green flags are like this specific characteristic of the deal or like this niche or this price of this product or like whatever. These are all characteristics, variables I want to be aware of moving forward. And like there's certain things that I'll notice that are like trends or or offers or like funnel strategies that are working very well or niches. And I'll just hit up my sales guys and be like, "Yo, drop everything and start pitching this type of person, you know?" That's an example of what you want to be doing. You want to be very aware of the lessons in real time for like what's making deals good deals good and what's making bad deals bad. That's where a lot of the progress will occur in shorter durations of time. And you might think like, "Oh, it's a obvious lesson. Like it's so simple." But I'm telling you like I've had students that will attempt to to get into RevShare models where it takes them like a year or like even longer in some instances. And it's because they're not taking what is being exposed to them that's going wrong and like moving away from it. When there's a red flag, I'll like project that out onto future situations that are similar to that and just assume that it's going to be the same. And we'll try to move away from situations like that. You know, if we've had deals that have a high probability of failure, like as an example of this, if we do if we do any kind of call funnel or or any kind of like something that just involves a sales team, we have lost I don't even I don't even know how to put it to a number in terms of an amount of money I've lost from like terrible sales team. And you might just think like, "Oh, it's a marketer pointing his finger at a sales team." No, like I promise you I've generated a a of really good qualified leads, helped him come through framed, and tremendously well executed marketing automation. Like the sales team just shits the bed, you know, and then the client's not willing to fire him for like months, you know, and then eventually they fire him, they bring in a new sales team, and then boom, everything all of a sudden starts working really well. Those are great examples of like red flag lessons. Like if a client's not willing to execute fast firing, you know, and re-hiring of like new individuals in that case. Or like on our end, like we take responsibility for the fact that we just need to vet their sales team. Before we work with any deal, we will literally secretly shop the person's sales team, and we will take all the green flags and red flags that we've accumulated over the years about sales teams, and project them out onto that sales organization and see, like do they fit the bill, you know, do they do a good job? Do they have any kind of show rate sequence that's well executed? And sure, we could change some of that stuff, but like there's a lot of stuff once again that manually has to be done by sales teams in order to increase show rates nowadays. What's their follow-up look like? Is there any manual follow-up the sales team 100% rely on automated follow-up? You know, like there's there's all kinds of stuff, simply put. And like I said, business owner decision-making, all of the things I just talked about aside, we accumulate all those lessons, and we want to apply them in real time. We want to avoid the bad, we want to move towards the good. And there's there's a good lesson I like to follow in marketing, which is pretty simple. It's, okay, when one when a customer or a lead gives feedback on one thing, there's probably a thousand other people that experienced it, especially at scale. So like as an example, if one lead says, like hey, I clicked the button and it didn't work, like and we go test it and it did work, we'll still assume it didn't work, and we'll try to like change it or tweak it in an attempt to figure it out. That same lesson is what we want to apply to this. Or like if we have one client that has a bad lesson, or like one client that has a good lesson, we'll just assume that it's going to be like that for every other person moving forward, and typically it is. And that benefits us in moving forward faster. Now, eventually the end game is pretty simple, okay? You're going to end up in a position where you have a very good client dilution percentage, where you have a bunch of these people paying you rev shares, and from there, this one's critical, you're going to be extremely well paid, and I mean, you're you know, everything around you going to be getting better. Like, you're going to start living in 12,000 square foot houses. You're going to start driving all the cars you've always wanted to drive, you know, like you're going to have thick bank accounts. You're going to be investing out the ass, you know, you're going to be like at the top of your field for whatever niche you specifically are as a marketer. Like, everything's going to be really well for you. And you're and you're going to be getting paid, once again, tremendously well. And you're going to be buying all kinds of [ __ ] Like, your lifestyle's going to change, simply put. And it's important to note, like, you can change as a character along the way of that occurring. You have to stay on I never use the word humble. Humble, by definition, is a [ __ ] terrible thing to be. But, to be clear, it's like, you got to be grounded, and you got to be understanding of what's creating all of these lifestyle changes for you in the first place, and make sure that you're not [ __ ] off. Like, don't just start internationally traveling. Don't just take yourself out of the business. Like, as you're making more money and everything starts to work well, if anything, you need to be in the trenches, you know, [ __ ] making sure that shit's going to continue going well. So, this is a perpetuated thing, not just like a short-term, like you get a rev share every couple months kind of thing. You want a bunch of people paying you rev shares every single month. And it's important to note, like, when we enter into a relationship, we always set the expectation. Like, all right, when and if you start paying us 100k plus a month, what's going to happen? You know, are you going to do that with a smile on your face? And the answer's generally always the same. Yeah, I would love to net a million dollars a month and pay you 100k a month. I'm fine with 900. Well, once they start doing that for like several months in a row, as I mentioned, they're not going to go like low morale on you, or just start like getting upset that they pay that money, but they want to make sure like it's important to note, right? Anybody who's paying you 100k a month, or any amount of big rev share for that matter, like, dude, they're going to want to have a great relationship with you, you know? They're going to want to make sure that they feel like taking care of, that they feel like they can call you, that they can talk to you, you know, like, they want to make sure like you need to do the little things, simply put, you know? You need to like pay attention to their kids' birthdays, and like I had a I had a client as an example, he posted something on his story, like one of his kids' fundraisers. I donated like five grand to it, you know? Cuz I care about the client. I care about his kids. I care about his [ __ ] life, you know? I care about the stuff going on. And I want to make sure that he knows that, too. Not just for my own financial benefit, but because I actually give a [ __ ] obviously, about the people that are paying me this amount of money. And I want them to know that. Um I buy him gifts, you know? I keep track of their birthdays. I uh go out of my way to like just call him and kind of like talk about stuff, you know? Um I make myself available, you know? If I'm a very efficient guy and like when it comes to like day-to-day stuff and just reporting things, like I do all that pretty much in writing, text, Slack, email, whatever. But like like I said, I mean, you got to be able to talk to these people and develop an actual good relationship with them if you expect these things to continue for long durations of time. You want to make sure that you that you go into this playing the long game. You do not want to do this from like a short-term perspective where you're just, you know, trying to get paid like a big lump sum in and out. It's not like a cash grab thing. It's a perpetual [ __ ] get-richer cash flow machine that you could perpetuate into eternity if you wanted to. It has to be well managed, you know? You have to give a [ __ ] about everybody involved along the way. There's one more thing I'll talk about and then I'll close out the video for you. And this has to do more so with your staff. Staff needs incentives, okay? You can't be pocketing [ __ ] a hundred thousand dollars a month per deal and not paying your staff extremely well. Ideally, all the A players that you should have in your organization when you're operating these kinds of models have a small percentage of the upside as well. That way, as they're doing work on behalf of clients or just participating in the business in general, all the way down to like executive assistants, as the organization moves forward, everybody financially moves forward. As the organization contracts, you know, everybody has an incentive to get back on their [ __ ] and [ __ ] make it go up again. The uh point I'm trying to make, like, man, it's so easy to just be excessively greedy and, you know, kind of cut out all the little guys that are working on behalf of your organization here when and if you get to the point where you're kicking out fat rev shares every month for yourself and your team. Just make sure that they experience the upside along with you. A lot of people's lives change dramatically when you run this type of model in terms of your staff, yourself, and you know, just everybody in general. Clients' lives going to change dramatically. Not everybody's used to making a lot of money. And it's important to note once again like just basic things like team retreats, buying more coaching, getting everybody access to proper medical care benefits. Just take care of everybody, you know, same thing I just talked about with the relationship management of your clients. It correlates to the staff and the team as well. Everybody helping you out contractors. I've had situations where we have like a contractor network of people that we don't hire in-house that we'll use on like one-off project basis, and we'll bonus those people, you know, and give them incentives so they feel good and continue working with us long-term. The thing is is literally ever since I started charging rev shares, my client relationships have been multiple years long. Like almost every person that we have that pays us a tremendous amount of money on rev share continues to pay us a tremendous amount of money on rev share and continues working with us. Ever since I started charging rev share, all my staff have been working with me for literally like 6 to 10 years at this point. It's It's incredible what it does, you know? It really is the long game in its finest form. It just feels like the best incentive that's the fairest for both parties when you're generating revenue on behalf of organizations. Don't be talked down on price, you know, the intricacies of it like you'll occasionally feel like you're going to be out-leveraged and lose deals in the instance of somebody doesn't want to pay it just cuz you're not willing to walk away and and you know, do anything other than a rev share. Like you got to stick to your guns, you know, you got to know what you're worth. It's important to note as a few caveats to this whole thing just to end the video. I I've been doing this for a decade as a marketing agency owner, okay? I have for many years before charging rev shares had tremendous case studies where I've already made businesses millions of dollars, and I was only getting paid fees, okay? I took it on the chin and, you know, essentially got paid still pretty well to be fair. However, I didn't get paid rev share money in those initial deals. I had big case studies. I do want to disclose like I do have students who don't give a [ __ ] about having case studies before they go do this that just will do this and they still make it work. So, I don't want to make it sound impossible for somebody that doesn't have like a thick portfolio of case studies that they've already made a ton of money for to make it easier to get rev shares. But, it sure does make it easier when you already have leverage to be willing to walk away in the instance somebody's not willing to pay it, which typically comes from financial security and not needing a deal. It helps to have case studies that you can point to and say, "Well, look how much money I made these people that are similar to you. That's why I charge what I charge cuz it's worth it and and and I deserve it." And then three, and this one's the most important one. It's like a feeling of self-worth, you know? You got to really have a high level of self-worth to make this thing work. Otherwise, you're just going to constantly be out-leveraged by people who aren't going to be willing to pay you. You got to make it make sense. It's got to be fair um and it's got to be something that, like I said, both parties can come to an agreement on and, you know, walk away feeling good about every time that one of these rev share wires get sent out. So, anyway, hope this helps. I have a tremendous amount of additional lessons I can share with you on this, but uh you know, we're already at a little over 40-ish minutes here in this video. So, I'll keep it for the paid students I have. Uh if you're inside of my high-ticket agency program, my master internet marketing program, you already know we share stuff like this. There's hundreds of videos on lessons like this inside of our paid programs. And if you're already an agency owner, you're already in the game, and you're trying to make a whole lot more money than you are right now, and you want to take the fast route on all this, and, you know, get all of these types of lessons in more depth than what I can cover here, uh that's where my inner circle program comes into play. You're already an agency owner that's doing well financially, and you want to do a whole lot better. I'd encourage you to jump into that inner circle program. We do masterminds four times a year, January, April, July, and October here in Miami, Florida. In addition to that, we do twice a month one-on-one calls that are 30 minutes a piece. You can jump into that. We do four times a month weekly on Saturdays at 11:00 a.m. weekly group calls where we typically go for about 45 minutes for an hour on different lessons um that are requested by the group or things that I think you guys need to know that'll make you richer. And obviously, we have a group chat full of everybody. It is a limited offer just because obviously, I offer one-on-one with it, so I can't do it for everybody. It's not crazy expensive or anything, to be clear. It's very well worth it, once again, if you're already in motion as an agency owner and you want to get a lot richer than you are right now, and you want direct access to a guy like me that can help. The link for all of that stuff is in the description below. Either way, subscribe to the video, like, comment, tell me anything that you guys want to see in some of these other videos, and I'll see if I can add it to my list. And as per usual, go watch some of my other stuff. Hope you enjoyed. Talk soon.